Calea : drum-de-fier
Calea : linie
Calea : ștrec
Calea : motoare
Calea : direcție
Calea : intermediu
Calea : mijlocire
Calea : calea
Calea : calea-laptelui
Calea : calea-robilor
Calea : drumul-robilor
Calea : brâul-popii
Calea : calea-orbilor
Calea : calea-șchiopilor
Calea : calea-țiganului
Calea : drumul-laptelui
Calea : paiele-țiganului
Camenița : cuptor
Camera : încăpere
Camera : odaie
Camera : adunare
Camera : convocat
Camera : reunite
Canibali : antropofag
Canibali : căpcăun
Casas : gospodar
Cerneți : petrece
Cerneți : dârmoia
Cerneți : mălaiul
Chiaro : cristalin
Chiaro : curat
Chiaro : deslușit
Chiaro : distinct
Chiaro : evident
Chiaro : lămurit
Chiaro : limpede
Chiaro : precis
Ciocănești : bocăni
Ciocănești : pocăni
Ciocănești : bontăni
Ciocănești : tocăni
Ciocănești : cineva
Cirta : minut
Cirta : moment
Conduc : cârmui
Conduc : dirigui
Conduc : domni
Conduc : guverna
Conduc : stăpâni
Conduc : oblădui
Conduc : birui
Conduc : chivernisi
Conduc : ocârmui
Conduc : povățui
Corbul : cloncan
Corbul : croncan
Corbul : cioroi
Corbul : europaeus
Corbul : stârc
Corbul : cenușiu
Cos : petic
Cotești : cârmi
Cotești : cârmui
Cotești : cârni
Cotești : cotigi
Cotești : merge
Coșcove : cojit
Coșcove : coșcovit
Crăiești : împărătesc
Crăiești : regal
Cule : tezaur
Curcubeta : pepene
Călării : încălecat
Călării : călărește
Căpitanul : căpetenie
Căpitanul : comandant
Căpitanul : conducător
Căpitanul : mai-mare
ca : aproximativ
ca : circa
cabalin : cavalin
cabalistic : misterios
cabalistic : neclar
cabalistic : obscur
cabală : conjurație
cabală : conspirație
cabală : mașinație
cabaz : iluzionist
cabaz : măscărici
cabaz : prestidigitator
cabazlâc : clovnerie
cabazlâc : comicărie
cabazlâc : ghidușie
cabazlâc : giumbușluc
cabazlâc : năzbâtie
cabazlâc : năzdrăvănie
cabazlâc : nebunie
cablare : cablaj
cabotinism : cabotinaj
cabrare : cabraj
cabrioletă : tilburi
cacadâr : trandafir
cacealma : înșelătorie
caciori : mânji
caciori : murdări
caciorire : mânji
caciorire : murdări
caciorit : mânji
caciorit : murdări
cacofonie : cacofonism
cacofonie : folosit
cactacee : cactee
cad : prăvăli
cad : răsturna
cad : poticni
cad : înălțime
cad : formând
cad : scăpa
cad : pâinea
cad : sări
cad : patru
cad : nasturi
cad : lăsa
cad : așeza
cad : așterne
cad : depune
cad : bruma
cad : peste
cad : ploaie
cad : eșua
cad : pieri
cad : nimeri
cad : potrivi
cad : brodi
cadastrare : cadastraj
cadastru : carte
cadastru : telechim
cadastru : trecut
cadastru : urbariu
cadastru : înscris
cadavru : mortăciune
cadavru : stârv
cadavru : găsit
cade : prăvăli
cade : răsturna
cade : poticni
cade : înălțime
cade : formând
cade : scăpa
cade : pâinea
cade : sări
cade : patru
cade : nasturi
cade : lăsa
cade : așeza
cade : așterne
cade : depune
cade : bruma
cade : peste
cade : ploaie
cade : eșua
cade : pieri
cade : nimeri
cade : potrivi
cade : brodi
cadența : ritma
cadențare : ritma
cadențat : ritmat
cadențat : ritmic
cadențat : melodie
cadet : iuncher
cadet : pregătea
cadet : deveni
cadou : atenție
cadou : plocon
cadou : cinste
cadou : dărușag
cadou : prezent
cadou : prosfora
cadou : făcut
caduc : depășit
caduc : desuet
caduc : învechit
caduc : netrainic
caduc : perimat
caduc : șubred
cadână : într-un
cadă : scăldătoare
cadă : feredeu
cadă : intrat
caespilosa : iarba-bălții
caespilosa : părul-porcului
cafeluță : lupin
cafeluță : cafea
cafeniu : castaniu
cafeniu : căcăniu
cafeniu : culoare
cafuzo : descendentul
cafuzo : provenit
cafuzo : căsătoria
cafuzo : amerindian
cafuzo : negrid
caia : regreta
caia : măcădui
caia : bănui
caia : șăinăli
caia : înfrânge
caia : jelui
caia : scârbi
caia : smeri
caia : pentru
caid : catastif
caiet : sudul
caiet : propis
caiet : tartaj
caimac : laptele
cainic : nenorocit
cainic : sărac
cais : măgdălan
cais : tenghere
cais : nordul
cais : tinghirel
caisă : tinghirea
cal : cal-de-mare
cal : hippocampus
cal : călușel
cal : război
cal : moara
cal : scaun
cala : orizontaliza
cala : aparat
cala : topografic
calamandros : deranj
calamandros : dezordine
calamandros : dezorganizare
calamina : hemimorfit
calamintha : gânj
calamintha : somnișor
calamintha : busuioc-de-câmp
calamintha : busuiocul-cerbilor
calamintha : polei
calamină : hemimorfit
calamus : trestie-mirositoare
calapod : pentru
calapod : model
calapod : tipar
calapod : calup
calare : orizontaliza
calare : aparat
calare : topografic
calat : orizontaliza
calat : aparat
calat : topografic
calc : decalc
calc : hârtie
calc : desen
calc : numește
calca : fecunda
calca : netezi
calca : piglui
calca : scăci
calca : teglăzi
calca : teglăzui
calcaneu : călcâiului
calcantit : sulfat
calcantit : cupru
calcantit : piatră-mierie
calcantit : vitriol-albastru
calcar : piatră-de-var
calcare : piatră-de-var
calcaros : văros
calcat : fecunda
calcat : netezi
calcat : piglui
calcat : scăci
calcat : teglăzi
calcat : teglăzui
calcemică : sălățea
calceolus : pantof
calceolus : nordul
calceolus : șlap
calceolus : șlarf
calceolus : calceolus
calceolus : papucul-doamnei
calceolus : roylei
calceolus : pantofii-doamnei
calchia : decalca
calchiat : decalca
calchiere : decalcare
calchiere : desen
calchiere : hârtie
calci : bulbuc
calci : bulbucel
calci : scalce
calcicol : calcifil
calcifia : calcifica
calcifiat : calcificat
calcifiere : calcificare
calcinare : calcinație
calcitrapa : scatiu
calcitrapa : sticlete
calcografia : tifdruc
calcografia : tipar
calcografia : adânc
calcografie : tifdruc
calcografie : tipar
calcografie : adânc
calcul : schepsis
calcul : calcul
calcul : statistic
calcul : calculul
calcul : probabilităților
calcul : teoria
calcul : concrețiune
calcula : socoti
calcula : număra
calcula : răvășlui
calcula : vestul
calcula : samali
calcula : sămălui
calcula : determina
calcula : măsura
calcula : stabili
calcula : valoarea
calcula : aprecia
calcula : potrivi
calculare : calcul
calculare : socotire
calculare : socotit
calculare : calculație
calculare : răboj
calculare : sămăluire
calculare : anilor
calculare : determinare
calculare : fixare
calculare : măsurare
calculare : stabilire
calculare : valorii
calculat : chibzuit
calculat : cumpănit
calculat : cumpătat
calculat : echilibrat
calculat : înfrânat
calculat : măsurat
calculat : moderat
calculat : ponderat
calculat : socotit
calculat : vestul
calculat : samalit
calculator : calcul
calculație : calculare
calculație : socotire
cale : drum-de-fier
cale : linie
cale : ștrec
cale : motoare
cale : direcție
cale : intermediu
cale : mijlocire
cale : calea
cale : calea-laptelui
cale : calea-robilor
cale : drumul-robilor
cale : brâul-popii
cale : calea-orbilor
cale : calea-șchiopilor
cale : calea-țiganului
cale : drumul-laptelui
cale : paiele-țiganului
caleașcă : ieșit
caleașcă : echipaj
caleașcă : rădvan
caleașcă : hinteu
calendar : cărindar
calendar : calendar
calendar : iulian
calendar : ortodox
calendar : vechi
calendula : gălbenele
calendula : rujnicea
calendula : salomie
calfă : șeged
calfă : subiect
calfă : germanism
calfă : sodal
cali : oțeli
cali : tăișul
calibrare : calibraj
calibru : calitate
calibru : categorie
calibru : dimensiune
calibru : mărime
calibru : nivel
calibru : proporție
calic : invalid
calice : invalid
caliciform : circumvalat
caliciu : pahar
calicul : invalid
califar : tadorna
califica : categorisi
califica : eticheta
calificare : calificație
calificare : numire
calificare : etichetare
calificare : taxare
caligrafiere : scriere
caligrafiere : talentat
caligrafiere : literelor
caliptră : scufie
caliptră : țesut
calit : oțeli
calit : tăișul
calitate : însușire
calitate : virtute
calitate : titlu
calitate : autoritate
calitate : cădere
calitate : drept
calitate : îndreptățire
calitate : volnicie
calma : potoli
calma : domoli
calma : îmblânzi
calma : îmbuna
calma : împăca
calma : liniști
calma : țistui
calma : dezmânia
calma : enervat
calma : reușit
calma : stăpâni
calma : tempera
calmant : alinător
calmant : liniștitor
calmant : potolitor
calmant : ușurător
calmant : molcomitor
calmant : analgezic
calmant : lenitiv
calmant : sedativ
calmant : tranchilizant
calmare : potolire
calmare : domolire
calmare : îmblânzire
calmare : îmbunare
calmare : împăcare
calmare : liniștire
calmare : persoane
calmat : domolit
calmat : îmblânzit
calmat : îmbunat
calmat : împăcat
calmat : liniștit
calmat : potolit
calmuc : calmucesc
calo : hambar
calo : navei
calo : comerciale
calofilie : calofilism
calofilie : într-un
caloian : scaloian
caloian : mama-ploaie
caloian : ploaia
caloian : credințele
calomel : acțiune
calomfir : balsamita
calomfir : busuiocul-fetelor
calomfir : busuiocul-sfintelor
calomnia : bârfi
calomnia : blama
calomnia : cleveti
calomnia : defăima
calomnia : denigra
calomnia : discredita
calomnia : ponegri
calomnia : detracta
calomnia : vitupera
calomnia : năpăstui
calomnia : povesti
calomnia : publica
calomnia : măscări
calomnia : mozaviri
calomnia : pohlibui
calomnia : ponosi
calomnia : ponoslui
calomnia : prilesti
calomnia : vrevi
calomnia : încondeia
calomnia : înnegri
calomniat : bârfit
calomniat : defăimat
calomniat : denigrat
calomniat : discreditat
calomniat : ponegrit
calomniat : năpăstuit
calomniat : încondeiat
calomniator : calomnios
calomniator : clevetitor
calomniator : defăimător
calomniator : denigrator
calomniere : bârfire
calomniere : bârfit
calomniere : calomnie
calomniere : clevetire
calomniere : clevetit
calomniere : defăimare
calomniere : denigrare
calomniere : discreditare
calomniere : ponegrire
calomniere : hulire
calomniere : năpăstuire
calomniere : ponosluire
calomniere : tonocie
calomniere : balamuție
calomniere : catigorie
calomniere : mozavirie
calomniere : încondeiere
calomniere : înnegrire
calomnios : bârfitor
calomnios : clevetitor
calomnios : defăimător
calomnios : denigrator
calomnios : ponegritor
calomnios : calomniator
calomnios : prost
calomnios : mozavirnic
calorifer : radiator
calorifer : încălzit
calorifug : izolant
calorifug : termoizolator
calorifug : termic
calotă : scăfârlie
calotă : tichie
calotă : inlandsis
calp : falsificat
calp : fariseic
calp : fățarnic
calp : ipocrit
calp : mincinos
calp : perfid
calp : prefăcut
calp : șiret
calpuzan : impostor
calpuzan : înșelător
calpuzan : șarlatan
calpuzanlâc : hoție
calpuzanlâc : înșelăciune
calpuzanlâc : înșelătorie
calpuzanlâc : pungășie
calpuzanlâc : șarlatanie
caltaboș : măietic
caltaboș : sângerete
caltha : bulbuc
caltha : bulbucel
caltha : scalce
calup : model
calus : proțap
calus : pentru
calus : cuiva
calus : scaun
calus : scăunel
calus : instrument
calus : ițele
calus : războiului
calus : călușarii
calus : către
calvin : calvinesc
calvin : calvinist
calvin : reformat
calvin : cultul
calvin : desprins
calviniza : calvini
calvinizare : calvini
calvinizat : calvini
calvino : calvinesc
calvino : calvinist
calvino : reformat
calvino : cultul
calvino : desprins
cală : hambar
cală : navei
cală : comerciale
cam : nițel
cam : puțin
camaieu : grisai
camarad : ortac
camarad : tărșag
camarad : tovărășie
camaraderește : colegial
camaraderește : tovărășește
cambra : curba
cambra : încovoia
cambrai : curba
cambrai : încovoia
cambrare : curba
cambrare : încovoia
cambrat : curbat
cambrat : încovoiat
camelina : oul-inului
cameniță : cuptor
camerier : lacheu
camerist : ieșit
camerist : îngrijea
camerist : camerele
cameristă : angajat
camerton : servește
camerton : acordarea
camerton : instrumentelor
cameră : încăpere
cameră : odaie
cameră : adunare
cameră : convocat
cameră : reunite
camionagiu : lemnele
campadură : bagea
campadură : cubea
campadură : cucumea
campadură : cucuvaie
campadură : fumar
campadură : hogeag
campadură : ursoaie
campadură : ochiul
campadură : podului
campadură : fumul
campadură : unele
campadură : țărănești
campament : tabie
campestre : pastoral
campestre : patriarhal
campestre : rural
campestre : rustic
campestru : pastoral
campestru : patriarhal
campestru : rural
campestru : rustic
camufla : geamurile
camuflare : camuflaj
camuflare : geamurilor
camuflare : pentru
camuflare : zări
camuflare : lumina
camătă : procent
camătă : aslam
camătă : interes
camătă : cămătar
camătă : pentru
camătă : banii
canadensis : șoricel
canadensis : coada-vacii
canadensis : struțul-mirelui
canadensis : spirince
canal : jgheab
canal : pentru
canal : scurgerea
canal : canal
canal : ependimar
canal : medular
canale : balsamina
canale : balsamine
canale : copăcei
canale : piersicel
canalie : pramatie
canalie : pușlama
canara : buluc
canara : cârd
canara : droaie
canara : mulțime
canara : pâlc
canariensis : iarba-broaștei
canariensis : morsus-ranae
canariensis : limba-broaștei
canariensis : mușcatul-broaștelor
canariensis : mei-lung
canariensis : meiul-canarilor
canariensis : iarba-căprioarei
canariensis : iarba-lupului
canariensis : pir-gros
canariensis : costrei
canariensis : curcubeu
canariensis : iarba-vântului
canariensis : chemaecistus
canariensis : vulgare
canariensis : mălăoi
canariensis : șerlai
canariensis : ochiul-mâței
canariensis : panglici
canariensis : iarba-boierului
canariensis : gălbenele
canariensis : floare-de-lingoare
canariensis : mărul-cucului
canariensis : rădăcină-de-lingoare
canariensis : zegras
canariensis : spasul-dracului
canariensis : toaie
canariensis : radians
canariensis : scărișor
canariensis : persicaria
canariensis : iarba-puricelui
canariensis : ustoroi-de-lac
cancan : french-cancan
cancelar : unele
cancelar : state
cancelar : primul-ministru
cancelar : numește
cancelarie : calem
cancelarie : grămăticie
cancelarie : scriitorie
cancelarie : vechile
cancelarie : instituții
cancer : neoplasm
cancer : tumoare
cancer : neoplazie
cancer : schir
cancerigen : oncogen
cancerolog : oncolog
cancerolog : reputat
cancerologă : oncolog
cancerologă : reputat
canceu : cancioc
cancioc : canceu
cancroides : scorpie
cancroides : scorpionul
cancroides : chelifer
cancroides : scorpia
cancroides : cărților
cancroides : hârtie
candel : miambal
candelabru : policandru
candelă : ardea
candida : concura
candida : concurge
candidare : concura
candidare : concurge
candidat : competitor
candidat : concurent
candidat : postul
candidum : lilie
candidum : liliom
candidum : pădure
candidum : aișor
candidum : fiere
candidum : ai-de-pădure
candidum : roșie
candidum : stânjen
candidum : crinul-fânului
candidum : dreț-galben
candidum : crinoid
candidum : denumește
candriu : băut
candriu : cherchelit
candriu : îmbătat
canea : tiplu
canea : șurub
canea : șurubar
canelură : pentru
canelură : asamblarea
cangrena : necroza
cangrena : putrezi
cangrena : mortifica
cangrena : țesut
cangrenare : necrozare
cangrenare : putrezire
cangrenare : mortificare
cangrenat : necrozat
cangrenat : putred
cangrenat : putrezit
cangrenat : necrotic
cangrenat : mortificat
cangrenă : necroza
cangrenă : putrezi
cangrenă : mortifica
cangrenă : țesut
cani : canceu
canibal : antropofag
canibal : căpcăun
canibalism : antropofagie
canicular : arzător
canicular : dogorâtor
canicular : fierbinte
canicular : torid
canicular : tropical
canicular : zăpușit
canicular : zădufos
canicular : pripitor
canicular : soare
caniculă : călduri
caniculă : dogoare
caniculă : năduf
caniculă : pârjol
caniculă : pojar
caniculă : zăduf
caniculă : torpoare
caniculă : vipie
caniculă : buhoare
caniculă : prigoare
caniculă : zăpuc
caniculă : arsoare
caniculă : friptoare
caniculă : pripec
caniculă : cuptor
caniculă : zilelor
canis : lătrător
canis : molie
canis : mâța-popii
canis : larva
canis : fluturi
canis : dulăul
canis : cățelul
caniv : puturos
caniv : trândav
caniție : cărunție
caniție : părului
cannabinum : cannabinum
cannabinum : dumbravnic
cannabinum : cânepa-codrului
canon : tipic
canon : artei
canon : cântare
canon : imitație
canonadă : pușcărire
canonadă : tunărire
canoneală : efort
canoneală : forțare
canoneală : sforțare
canoneală : strădanie
canonit : consumat
canonit : frământat
canonit : muncit
canonit : necăjit
canonit : trudit
canotor : canotier
cant : muchie
canta : executa
canta : interpreta
canta : intona
canta : glăsui
canta : spune
canta : viersui
canta : glăsi
canta : sufla
cantabil : melodios
cantabil : muzical
cantabile : melodios
cantabile : muzical
cantabilitate : melodicitate
cantabilitate : muzicalitate
cantans : căișor
cantans : călușel
cantans : căluț-de-mare
cantans : hippocampus
cantans : cal-de-mare
cantans : hipocamp
cantans : cobilițar
cantans : cosar
cantans : verde
cantar : terezie
cantar : șlag
cantar : pentru
cantar : stabilirea
cantar : greutății
cantar : cântărire
cantar : cântărit
cantar : înșelat
cantare : executa
cantare : interpreta
cantare : intona
cantare : glăsui
cantare : spune
cantare : viersui
cantare : glăsi
cantare : sufla
cantaridă : gândac-de-frasin
cantaridă : cățelul-frasinului
cantaridă : mâța-popii
cante : executa
cante : interpreta
cante : intona
cante : glăsui
cante : spune
cante : viersui
cante : glăsi
cante : sufla
canti : executa
canti : interpreta
canti : intona
canti : glăsui
canti : spune
canti : viersui
canti : glăsi
canti : sufla
cantitate : câtime
cantitate : mărime
cantitate : cătățime
canto : cânt
cantonament : staniște
cantonier : paler
cantonier : întreține
cantonier : sector
cantonier : șosea
cantor : paracliser
cantor : psalt
cap : scăfârlie
cap : bostan
cap : dovleac
cap : cap-de-mort
cap : fluture-cap-de-mort
cap : buha-ciumei
cap : fluturul-morții
cap : suflet-de-strigoi
cap : sufletul-morților
cap : frunte
cap : început
cap : extremitate
cap : scaunul
capacitate : volum
capacitate : cubaj
capacitate : posibilitate
capacitate : putere
capacitate : puternicie
capacitate : potențial
capacitate : destoinicie
capacitate : pregătire
capacitate : pricepere
capacitate : seriozitate
capacitate : valoare
capacitate : vrednicie
capacitate : hărnicie
capacitate : volnicie
capcană : prinzătoare
capcană : prins
capela : paraclis
capelare : parâmei
capelă : paraclis
capeș : îndărătnic
capeș : recalcitrant
capiat : înnebuni
capiat : sminti
capilaroconstricție : vasoconstricție
capilarodilatație : vasodilatare
capilarodilatație : vasodilatație
capillata : iarba-curălei
capitalism : imperialism
capitală : mitropolie
capitală : scaun
capitală : rusism
capitol : carte
capitol : dintr-un
capitonaj : îmbrăcare
capitonat : tapisat
capitula : preda
capitula : închina
capitulare : cedare
capitulare : predare
capitulare : închinare
capitularii : cedare
capitularii : predare
capitularii : închinare
capiu : buimac
capiu : buimăcit
capiu : năuc
capiu : năucit
capiu : tâmpit
caporal : căprar
capot : halat
capotare : capotaj
capra : burete
capra : creasta-cocoșului
capra : rămurele
capraea : salcie
capriciu : fantezie
capriciu : fason
capriciu : pârțag
capriciu : scălâmbăiere
capriciu : pandalie
capriciu : marghiolie
capriciu : nacafa
capriciu : năbădaie
capriciu : schimonosire
capriciu : grecism
capriciu : paraxenie
capriciu : marafet
capriciu : dambla
capriciu : ricercar
capricorn : căpriorul
capricorn : țapul
caprifoi : cașie
capră : munte
capră : rupicapra
capră : brezaia
capră : turca
capră : popular
capră : tradițional
capră : dansat
capră : măgar
capră : tăiat
capră : căprior
capră : suport
capsa : încheiat
capsa : buton
capsella : mâncarea
capsella : purta
capsella : traista-ciobanului
capsella : buruiană-de-friguri
capsella : iarbă-de-friguri
capsella : paștele-cailor
capsella : punga-popii
capsella : straița-ciobanului
capsella : straița-popii
capsella : tășcuța-ciobanului
capsicum : piper
capsoman : îndărătnic
capsoman : recalcitrant
capsula : măciulie
capsula : căciulie
capsula : bociulie
capsulo : măciulie
capsulo : căciulie
capsulo : bociulie
capsulă : măciulie
capsulă : căciulie
capsulă : bociulie
capsă : încheiat
capsă : buton
captalan : brusture
captalan : cucuruz
captalan : podbal
captalan : buiedea-ciumei
captalan : rădăcina-ciumei
captalan : sudoarea-laptelui
captatio : înregistrare
captatio : prindere
captatio : receptare
captație : înregistrare
captație : prindere
captație : receptare
captiva : înlănțui
captiva : subjuga
captivant : palpitant
captivitate : robie
captivitate : sclavie
captivitate : servitute
captivitate : sclavaj
captivitate : robire
captivitate : sclavism
captivitate : șerbie
captivitate : evreilor
captura : prinde
captura : companie
captura : animal
capturare : prindere
capturare : animal
captură : duium
captură : plean
capuchehai : chehaia
capuchehai : reprezentant
capuchehai : domnilor
capuchehai : români
capuchehaia : chehaia
capuchehaia : reprezentant
capuchehaia : domnilor
capuchehaia : români
capuchehaie : chehaia
capuchehaie : reprezentant
capuchehaie : domnilor
capuchehaie : români
caput : mintean
capîntortură : sucitoare
capîntortură : vârtecap
capăt : final
capăt : încheiere
capăt : sfârșit
capăt : concenie
capăt : cumplire
capăt : săvârșit
capăt : sfârșenie
capăt : termen
car : război
car : sclai
caracteristic : definitoriu
caracteristic : distinct
caracteristic : distinctiv
caracteristic : dominant
caracteristic : particular
caracteristic : propriu
caracteristic : specific
caracteristic : tipic
caracteristic : însușit
caracteriza : defini
caracteriza : individualiza
caracteriza : sugestiv
caracteriza : autocaracteriza
caracteriza : autodefini
caracteriza : veridic
caracteriza : memoriile
caracterizare : definire
caracterizare : individualizare
caracterizat : defini
caracterizat : individualiza
caracterizat : sugestiv
caracterizat : autocaracteriza
caracterizat : autodefini
caracterizat : veridic
caracterizat : memoriile
caracudă : caras
caracudă : sorean
caraghios : ridicol
caraghios : nostim
caraghioz : măscărici
carait : cicăli
carait : ciondăni
carait : dăscăli
carait : plictisi
carambol : carambolaj
carambol : jocul
carapace : țest
carapace : capac
caras : carassius
caras : sorean
carate : cărare
carate : ducere
carate : purtare
carate : transport
carate : transportare
carate : cuiva
caravană : chervan
carbamat : uretan
carbamat : acidului
carbid : calciu
carbinol : metilic
carbol : carbolic
carbol : fenic
carbonat : carbonat
carbonați : carbonat
carboniza : tăciuna
carbonizare : tăciuna
carbonizat : tăciuna
carborundum : siliciu
carcandilă : demon
carcandilă : diavol
carcandilă : încornoratul
carcandilă : naiba
carcandilă : necuratul
carcandilă : satana
carcinom : epiteliom
cardamine : pratensis
cardamine : limba-șarpelui
cardamine : scuipatul-cucului
cardașlâc : cârdășie
cardiaca : tălpoi
cardiaca : subtoi
cardiaca : bălvan
cardiaca : nordul
cardiaca : temei
cardiaca : tălpig
cardiaca : fălcea
cardiaca : colac
cardiaca : butuci
cardiaca : plazuri
cardiaca : craci
cardiaca : drugi
cardiaca : fofeze
cardiaca : grindeie
cardiaca : lemne
cardiaca : războiul
cardiaca : scaunul
cardiaca : talpa-gâștei
cardiaca : apucătoare
cardiaca : somnișor
cardiaca : buruiana-orbalțului
cardiaca : coada-leului
cardiaca : creasta-cocoșului
cardiaca : iarba-cășunăturii
cardiaca : iarbă-de-dat
cardiaca : laba-lupului
cardiaca : marubiastrum
cardiaca : brânca-ursului
cardiaca : plăcinta-porcului
cardiazol : pentazol
cardinal : capital
cardinal : considerabil
cardinal : crucial
cardinal : decisiv
cardinal : esențial
cardinal : fundamental
cardinal : hotărâtor
cardinal : important
cardinal : însemnat
cardinal : organic
cardinal : primordial
cardinal : profund
cardinal : radical
cardinal : serios
cardinal : structural
cardinal : substanțial
cardinale : capital
cardinale : considerabil
cardinale : crucial
cardinale : decisiv
cardinale : esențial
cardinale : fundamental
cardinale : hotărâtor
cardinale : important
cardinale : însemnat
cardinale : organic
cardinale : primordial
cardinale : profund
cardinale : radical
cardinale : serios
cardinale : structural
cardinale : substanțial
cardioidă : melcul
carduus : amărea
carele : război
carele : sclai
carența : defect
carența : imperfecțiune
carența : neajuns
carența : păcat
carența : scădere
carența : slăbiciune
carență : defect
carență : imperfecțiune
carență : neajuns
carență : păcat
carență : scădere
carență : slăbiciune
careu : pătrat
carex : mohor
carex : lacustris
carex : țiperig
careși : fiecare
careși : fiecine
careși : oricare
careși : oricine
careși : orișicare
cargobot : cargou
caria : găuri
caria : strica
cariat : găunos
cariat : găurit
cariat : stricat
cariat : scorboroșit
cariat : scorburos
carie : găuri
carie : strica
cariere : găuri
cariere : strica
caritabil : filantropic
caritabil : milos
caritabil : milostiv
carlina : trușnic
carlina : ciortopoloc
carlina : turtea
carlina : ciurul-zânelor
carlina : punga-babei
carlina : sita-zânelor
carlina : turta-vacii
carmac : parcea
carmac : pentru
carmin : invar
carmin : colorant
carmin : stacojiu
carmin : cârmâziu
carniolica : scopolie
caro : cărțile
carota : carota
carota : moroc
carota : sudul
carotare : carota
carotare : moroc
carotare : sudul
carotă : carota
carotă : moroc
carotă : sudul
carpatic : carpatin
carpaticum : iubire
carpaticum : cartea
carpaticum : afecțiune
carpaticum : înconjura
carpaticum : masa-raiului
carpaticus : floare-de-leac
carpaticus : boglar
carpaticus : piciorul-cocoșului
carpaticus : munte
carpenă : condroniu
carpi : coase
carpi : prinde
carpi : țese
carpi : ștopoli
carpi : drege
carpi : repara
carpi : obiect
carpinifolia : șleau
carpinifolia : vânj
carpinus : sfineac
carryophyllea : sphacrocephalus
carryophyllea : scaiete
carryophyllea : arici
carryophyllea : măciuca-ciobanului
carryophyllea : rogojel
carta : cuvânt
carta : omilie
cartaginez : punic
cartaginez : punicesc
carte : lucrare
carte : scriere
carte : volum
carte : carte
carte : maestru
carte : registru
carte : partizi
carthamus : pintenat
carthusianorum : câmp
carthusianorum : cuișoare
carthusianorum : scânteie
carthusianorum : barba-ungurului
cartier : cvartal
cartier : mahala
cartilaginos : zgârciuros
cartilaginos : sfârcos
carto : cuvânt
carto : omilie
cartof : crump
cartof : erdăpane
cartof : fidireie
cartof : țermer
cartof : poamă-de-pământ
cartof : baraboi
cartograf : mapar
cartografie : mapografie
carton : mucava
cartona : compacta
cartonaj : legare
cartonaj : legat
cartonare : legare
cartonare : legat
cartonare : cartonaj
cartonare : compactare
cartonat : legat
cartonat : compactat
cartuș : patron
cartuș : fișic
cartă : cuvânt
cartă : omilie
carum : mândălac
carusel : călușei
carvaka : lokayata
carvi : chimen
carvi : secărea
carvi : tarhon
carvi : molotru
caryophyllacea : caryophyllacea
caryophyllacea : crăielici
caryophyllacea : floarea-untului
caryophyllacea : iarba-untului
caryophyllacea : iarba-vântului
carâmb : tureac
carâmb : drăghinar
carâmb : loitret
carâmb : sulete
carâmb : loitra
carâmb : margine
carâmb : mărginar
casant : casabil
casant : spărgăcios
casant : spărtigos
casant : obiect
casare : sfărâmare
casare : spargere
cascadă : cădere
cascadă : săritoare
cascadă : șipot
cascadă : urlătoare
cascadă : duruitoare
cascadă : povornitoare
cască : căscăund
casetă : besactea
cash : invar
casier : cheltuitor
casiopeea : mănăstirea
casiopeea : scaunul
casiopeea : tronul
casiopeea : numele
casnic : domestic
casnic : familial
casnic : gospodăresc
casnic : menajer
castanietă : geampara
castanietă : păcănitoare
castaniu : cafeniu
castaniu : căcăniu
castaniu : culoare
castel : coștei
castigat : beneficia
castigat : folosi
castigat : profita
castigat : nimic
castigat : cuceri
castigat : dobândi
castigat : titlul
castor : biber
castra : jugăni
castra : scopi
castra : steriliza
castra : emascula
castra : întoarce
castra : stârpi
castra : herelui
castra : nordul
castra : animal
castrare : jugănire
castrare : jugănit
castrare : scopire
castrare : scopit
castrare : sterilizare
castrare : emasculație
castrare : evirație
castrare : întoarcere
castrare : stârpire
castrare : batere
castrare : curățire
castrare : hereluire
castrare : nordul
castrare : sucire
castrat : jugănit
castrat : scopit
castrat : sterilizat
castrat : întors
castrat : stârpit
castrat : bătut
castrat : curățit
castrat : hereluit
castrat : sucit
castravete : pepene
castronaș : castronel
castru : tabie
castăn : garderob
casă : clădire
casă : construcție
casă : imobil
casă : zidire
casă : sănătate
casă : bordel
casă : lupanar
casă : tractir
casă : caște
casă : cămin
casă : familie
casă : menaj
catagrafia : înregistra
catagrafiat : înregistra
catagrafiere : înregistra
catahris : exces
catahris : samavolnicie
cataligă : papainog
cataligă : piciorong
cataligă : piciorag
cataligă : piciorug
catalpa : bignonioides
catania : militărie
catania : serviciu
catania : militar
catara : ridica
catara : găibăra
catara : aburca
catara : țuțuia
catara : burica
catara : cucuia
catara : pupuia
catara : suliga
catarg : arbore
catari : mâșcoi
catari : latinism
cataria : iarba-mâței
cataria : iarba-vântului
cataria : minta-mâței
catarinian : catarin
catarinieni : catarin
cataroi : catar
cataroi : guturai
cataroi : ictus
cataroi : apoplectic
catatrexi : oropsi
catatrexi : persecuta
catatrexi : prigoni
catedrală : mănăstire
catedrală : sobor
categorial : taxonomic
categoric : decis
categoric : expres
categoric : formal
categoric : neezitant
categoric : neoscilant
categoric : tranșant
categoric : rezolut
categoric : refuz
categoric : regulat
categoric : ritos
categoric : refuzat
categoric : indiscutabil
categoric : evident
categoric : incontestabil
categoric : necontestabil
categoric : necontestat
categoric : nediscutabil
categoric : neîndoielnic
categoric : neîndoios
categoric : netăgăduit
categoric : sigur
categoric : vădit
categoric : indubitabil
categoric : peremptoriu
categoric : manifestat
categoric : superioritate
categorie : predicament
categorie : specie
categorie : varietate
categorie : grupare
categorie : astăzi
categorie : parte
categorie : ordin
catehism : catihis
catehiza : catihisi
catehizare : catihisi
catehizat : catihisi
catenă : între
catenă : atomii
caterisi : răspopi
caterisi : despopi
caterisire : răspopire
caterisit : răspopit
cathartica : părul-ciutei
cathartica : verigar
cathartica : salbă-moale
cathartica : crasici
cathartica : porumbel
cathartica : vonicer
cathartica : lemn-cânesc
cathartica : lemn-râios
cathartica : lemnul-câinelui
cathartica : poama-câinelui
cathartica : spin-alb
cathartica : spinele-cerbului
cathartica : părul-fetei
cathartica : capillus
cathartica : venéris
cathartica : părul-orfanei
cathartica : percica-fetei
cathartica : adianthum
catharticum : inușor
catharticum : in-de-câmp
catharticus : părul-ciutei
catharticus : salbă-moale
catharticus : crasici
catharticus : crușin
catharticus : porumbel
catharticus : vonicer
catharticus : lemn-câinesc
catharticus : lemn-râios
catharticus : lemnul-câinelui
catharticus : poama-câinelui
catharticus : spin-alb
catharticus : spinele-cerbului
catifea : velur
catifea : mancister
catifea : barșon
catifea : somot
catifea : urșinic
catifelat : mătăsos
catifelat : moale
catifelat : neted
catifelat : piele
catigorie : bârfire
catigorie : bârfit
catigorie : calomnie
catigorie : calomniere
catigorie : clevetire
catigorie : clevetit
catigorie : defăimare
catigorie : denigrare
catigorie : discreditare
catigorie : ponegrire
cation : pozitiv
cation : macrocation
catismă : ședere
catismă : secțiunile
catolic : papal
catolic : roman
catolic : romano-catolic
catolic : latin
catolic : astăzi
catolic : papist
catolic : papistășesc
catolicism : papistășie
catolicism : papism
catâr : mâșcoi
catâr : latinism
catârcă : mâșcoaie
cauciuc : gumilastic
caudat : urodel
caus : cerealele
caus : ispol
caus : răscol
caustic : epigramatic
caustic : sarcastic
caustică : epigramatic
caustică : sarcastic
caut : peste
caut : socoti
caut : potrivit
caut : pentru
caut : răscoli
caut : scormoni
caut : scotoci
caut : umbla
caut : scodoli
caut : scorbeli
caut : cotili
caut : cobârlui
caut : scofeli
caut : scorteli
caut : sertare
caut : lucrurile
caut : vinde
caut : întreba
caut : interesa
caut : ocupa
caut : preocupa
caut : vedea
caut : treaba
caut : griji
caut : câștiga
caut : toate
caut : cerca
caut : încerca
caut : dezlegi
caut : tatona
caut : probălui
caut : cerceta
caut : examina
caut : studia
cauterizare : ardere
cauză : considerent
cauză : mobil
cauză : motiv
cauză : prilej
cauză : rațiune
cauză : temei
cauză : cuvânt
cauză : price
cauză : obiect
cauză : povod
cauză : rezon
cauză : izvor
cauză : producerea
cauză : obârșie
cauză : origine
cauză : tuturor
cauză : succeselor
cauză : obiectiv
cauză : pentru
cauțiune : fidejusiune
cauțiune : garanție
cauțiune : chezășie
cauțiune : depus
cauțiune : fidejusor
cauțiune : garant
cauțiune : platnic
cauțiune : considerat
cauțiune : pentru
cavalerie : călărime
cavalerie : cavalerime
cavalerie : călărășie
cavalerie : călărășime
cavalerist : călare
cavalerist : răitar
cavernos : cavitar
cavia : pentru
cavitate : cavitate
cavou : grobnic
cavou : mormântar
cavou : cimitir
caz : cădere
cazacioc : dansat
cazanie : cuvânt
cazanie : omilie
cazanie : chiriacodromion
cazanie : didahie
cazanie : poucenie
cazanie : predicare
cazanie : predicație
cazanie : propovedanie
cazanie : carte
cazanie : citește
cazeină : cazeinogen
cazemată : bunker
cazual : incidental
cazual : întâmplător
cazual : ocazional
cază : compartiment
cază : despărțire
cașurare : cașare
cațaveică : către
ce : interj
ce : vânt
ce : orice
ce : orișice
ce : verice
ce : lumea
ce : interogativ
ce : poftim
cea : interj
ceacâr : încrucișat
ceacâr : sașiu
ceafă : grumaz
ceafă : cerbice
ceafă : butuc
ceafă : grindei
ceafă : sulete
ceafă : partea
ceafă : deasupra
ceafă : jugului
ceafă : grumazul
ceahlău : bărbos
ceapraz : călcător
ceapraz : ceaprazar
ceapraz : dințar
ceapraz : zimțar
ceapraz : pentru
ceapraz : apăsător
ceapraz : mașina
ceaprazar : pasmantier
ceaprazar : săgeacar
ceaprăzărie : pasmanterie
ceaprăzărie : săgeac
ceapur : stârc
ceapă : arpagic
ceapă : orceag
ceapă : puiac
ceapă : nord-vestul
ceapă : floarea-viorelei
ceapă : cepșoare
ceapă : ceapa-câinelui
ceartă : discuție
ceartă : făcut
ceartă : între
ceartă : pentru
ceartă : admonestare
ceartă : admonestație
ceartă : certare
ceartă : dojenire
ceartă : imputare
ceartă : mustrare
ceartă : observație
ceartă : înfruntare
ceartă : probozenie
ceartă : bănat
ceartă : șmotru
ceartă : dăscălie
ceartă : împutăciune
ceartă : probozire
ceartă : râpște
ceartă : remonstrare
ceartă : zabrac
cearșaf : lepedeu
cearșaf : nordul
cearșaf : prostire
ceas : solar
ceas : cadran
ceaslov : orologhion
ceaslov : servea
ceaslov : trecut
ceasornic : orologhion
ceasornic : ornic
ceasornic : cumpărat
ceasornic : floarea-suferinței
ceasornicar : orologier
ceasornicărie : ornicărie
ceasornicărie : orologerie
ceată : buluc
ceată : cârd
ceată : droaie
ceată : mulțime
ceată : pâlc
ceată : canara
ceată : ciopor
ceată : clapie
ceață : vedeai
cebălui : buimăci
cebălui : năuci
cebăluire : buimăci
cebăluire : năuci
cebăluit : buimăci
cebăluit : năuci
cecidie : apare
cecidio : apare
cecitate : ablepsie
cecitate : orbire
cecitate : hemeralopie
cecitate : orbul
cecitate : găinilor
cecitate : alexie
ceda : lăsa
ceda : întregul
ceda : pleca
ceda : abandona
ceda : capitula
ceda : continuat
ceda : supune
cedare : renunțare
cedare : capitulare
cedat : lăsa
cedat : întregul
cedat : pleca
cedat : abandona
cedat : capitula
cedat : continuat
cedat : supune
ceea : acela
cefalee : cefalalgie
ceferist : feroviar
cefeu : coasa
ceh : cehesc
ceia : acela
cela : acela
celalalt : ălălalt
celalalt : venit
celar : veghetoare
celare : veghetoare
celebra : oficia
celebrare : oficiere
celebrare : săvârșire
celebrat : oficia
celebritate : glorie
celebritate : prestigiu
celebritate : renume
celebritate : reputație
celebritate : strălucire
celebritate : câștigat
celebritate : concr
celebritate : ajuns
celebru : faimos
celebru : ilustru
celebru : numit
celebru : reputat
celebru : vestit
celebru : mărit
celebru : revestit
celebru : norocit
celebru : grecism
celebru : perifan
celebru : arhicunoscut
celebru : strălucit
celebru : strălucitor
celeritate : rapiditate
celeritate : repeziciune
celest : divin
celest : dumnezeiesc
celest : minunat
celest : sfânt
celest : splendid
celestă : divin
celestă : dumnezeiesc
celestă : minunat
celestă : sfânt
celestă : splendid
celibat : burlăcie
celibat : holteie
celibat : necăsătorie
celibat : necăsnicie
celibat : durat
celibatar : burlac
celibatar : cavaler
celibatar : holtei
celibatar : necăsătorit
celibatar : becher
celibatar : rămas
celioscopie : laparoscopie
celioscopie : peritoneoscopie
celioscopie : interiorul
celioscopie : cavității
cellalt : ălălalt
cellalt : venit
celofan : acoperit
celom : cavitate
celosia : creștet
celosia : culme
celosia : muchie
celosia : spinare
celosia : creasta-cocoșului
celosia : meloșel
celosia : opintic
celosia : tocmăgel
celosia : barba-caprei
celtic : galic
celtis : mierea-ursului
celui : amăgi
celui : încânta
celui : înșela
celui : păcăli
celui : prosti
celui : purta
celuială : amăgire
celuială : înșelare
celuială : înșelăciune
celuială : înșelătorie
celuială : momire
celuială : păcălire
celuială : păcălit
celuială : prostire
celuială : prostit
celuire : amăgire
celuire : înșelare
celuire : înșelăciune
celuire : înșelătorie
celuire : momire
celuire : păcălire
celuire : păcălit
celuire : prostire
celuire : prostit
celuit : amăgit
celuit : înșelat
celuit : păcălit
celuit : prostit
celuitor : amăgitor
celuitor : înșelător
celălalt : ălălalt
celălalt : venit
celșag : amăgire
celșag : înșelare
celșag : înșelăciune
celșag : înșelătorie
celșag : momire
celșag : păcălire
celșag : păcălit
celșag : prostire
celșag : prostit
cenobit : chinovit
cenobit : călugărul
cenobit : trăiește
cenobit : mănăstire
centaur : hipocentaur
centaurea : vinețea
centaurea : ghioc
centaurea : zglăvoc
centaurea : floarea-grâului
centaurea : floarea-paiului
centauri : hipocentaur
centaurium : fierea-pământului
centaurium : cintoaie
centaurium : frigor
centaurium : ghințurea
centaurium : potrocea
centaurium : scăunel
centaurium : buruiană-de-friguri
centaurium : crucea-pământului
centaurium : floare-de-friguri
centaurium : iarbă-de-friguri
centaurium : săfindei-de-câmp
centimetru : sutametru
centimo : franc
centimo : gologan
centimă : franc
centimă : gologan
centiron : veston
centiron : militar
central : principal
central : nodal
centrifug : centrifugal
centrifuga : centrifugal
centrifugă : centrifugal
centripet : centripetal
centrosferă : partea
centrosferă : globului
centru : mijloc
centru : centru
centru : baricentru
centru : buric
centru : nucleu
centru : focar
centru : sediu
centru : proceselor
centru : bastion
centru : târg
centru : puțin
centura : cingătoare
centura : cordon
centura : curea
centura : înconjura
centura : talia
centurion : sâtnic
centurion : armata
centură : cingătoare
centură : cordon
centură : curea
centură : înconjura
centură : talia
cenuroză : capie
cenuroză : răsfug
cenuus : iarba-broaștei
cenuus : morsus-ranae
cenuus : limba-broaștei
cenuus : mușcatul-broaștelor
cenuus : mei-lung
cenuus : meiul-canarilor
cenuus : iarba-căprioarei
cenuus : iarba-lupului
cenuus : pir-gros
cenuus : costrei
cenuus : curcubeu
cenuus : iarba-vântului
cenuus : chemaecistus
cenuus : vulgare
cenuus : mălăoi
cenuus : șerlai
cenuus : ochiul-mâței
cenuus : panglici
cenuus : iarba-boierului
cenuus : gălbenele
cenuus : floare-de-lingoare
cenuus : mărul-cucului
cenuus : rădăcină-de-lingoare
cenuus : zegras
cenuus : spasul-dracului
cenuus : toaie
cenuus : radians
cenuus : scărișor
cenuus : persicaria
cenuus : iarba-puricelui
cenuus : ustoroi-de-lac
cenușar : leșier
cenușar : oțetar
cenușar : arbore-puturos
cenușii : scrum
cenușii : rămas
cenușiu : fumur
cenușiu : plumburiu
cenușiu : prăfuriu
cenușiu : șoreciu
cenușiu : plumbiu
cenușiu : sângepiu
cenușiu : turcism
cenușiu : bozafer
cenușiu : culoare
cenușiu : întunecat
cenușiu : pământiu
cenușiu : pământit
cenușiu : pământos
cenușă : scrum
cenușă : rămas
cep : pișleag
cep : barbur
cep : roata
cep : grindeiul
cephalaria : bărburel
cephalaria : rueni
cephalaria : năsturaș-de-bube
cer : firmament
cer : boltire
cer : crângul
cer : cerului
cer : tărie
cer : divinitate
cer : dumnezeire
cer : pronie
cer : palat
ceramic : pirometric
ceramică : pirometric
cerasifera : cerasifera
cerasifera : târnosliv
cerathophyllum : brădet
cerathophyllum : cosor
cerathophyllum : frunza-cerei
ceratocephalus : cornișor
ceratonia : carub
ceratophalus : brădișor
ceratophalus : ploșnicar
cerb : plotun
cerbicie : încăpățânare
cerbicie : îndărătnicie
cerc : perghel
cerc : țărcălan
cerc : periferie
cerc : lungimea
cerc : șing
cerc : roata
cerc : rotocol
cerc : armean
cerc : format
cerc : jurul
cerca : căuta
cerca : cerceta
cerca : examina
cerca : gusta
cerca : informa
cerca : interesa
cerca : iscodi
cerca : încerca
cerca : îndura
cerca : măsura
cerca : observa
cerca : pătimi
cerca : pedepsi
cerca : pândi
cerca : privi
cerca : proba
cerca : răbda
cerca : sancționa
cerca : scruta
cerca : sonda
cerca : spiona
cerca : strădui
cerca : studia
cerca : suferi
cerca : suporta
cerca : trage
cerca : urmări
cerca : verifica
cercare : cercetare
cercare : durere
cercare : examen
cercare : examinare
cercare : experiment
cercare : investigare
cercare : investigație
cercare : încercare
cercare : pătimire
cercare : probare
cercare : studiere
cercare : studiu
cercat : capabil
cercat : competent
cercat : destoinic
cercat : dotat
cercat : experimentat
cercat : încercat
cercat : înzestrat
cercat : pregătit
cercat : priceput
cercat : valoros
cercat : versat
cercel : cârcel
cercel : ghermec
cerceluș : fucsie
cerceta : examina
cerceta : consulta
cerceta : studia
cerceta : toate
cercetare : examinare
cercetare : privire
cercetare : concr
cercetare : studiu
cercetare : publicat
cercetare : consultare
cercetat : examina
cercetat : consulta
cercetat : studia
cercetat : toate
cercetător : scrutător
cercetător : remarcabil
cercetător : domeniul
cercetășie : scutism
cercevea : cadru
cerchez : cerchezesc
cerci : căuta
cerci : cerceta
cerci : examina
cerci : gusta
cerci : informa
cerci : interesa
cerci : iscodi
cerci : încerca
cerci : îndura
cerci : măsura
cerci : observa
cerci : pătimi
cerci : pedepsi
cerci : pândi
cerci : privi
cerci : proba
cerci : răbda
cerci : sancționa
cerci : scruta
cerci : sonda
cerci : spiona
cerci : strădui
cerci : studia
cerci : suferi
cerci : suporta
cerci : trage
cerci : urmări
cerci : verifica
cercuire : cercuit
cercuire : legare
cercuire : legat
cercuit : legat
cerculeț : cercușor
cerdac : pridvor
cerdac : moara
cerdac : foișor
cerdac : pavilion
cerdac : filigorie
cerdac : situat
cere : pretinde
cere : reclama
cere : revendica
cere : striga
cere : pretendelui
cere : pretendui
cere : grecism
cere : pretenderisi
cere : apuca
cere : cuiva
cere : pofti
cere : inima
cere : solicita
cere : apela
cere : recurge
cere : suruclui
cere : ajutorul
cerealist : grânar
cerealist : cereale
cerealist : numea
cereală : grâne
cereală : bucate
cereală : pâine
cereală : produs
cereală : multe
cerebel : creierul
ceremonial : ceremonie
ceremonial : protocol
ceremonial : ritual
ceremonial : tipic
ceremonial : ~ului
ceremonios : protocolar
ceremonios : reverențios
ceremonios : solemn
ceremonios : parlamentar
ceremonios : limbaj
ceremonios : formalist
cerere : pretenție
cerere : revendicare
cerere : revendicație
cerere : grecism
cerere : turcism
cerere : teclif
cerere : cerere
cerere : reconvențiune
cerere : rugăminte
cerere : ascultat
ceresc : sideral
cerine : oranist
cerine : plafon
cerine : tavan
cerine : țest
cerinthe : ciudat
cerinthe : curios
cerinthe : excentric
cerinthe : extravagant
cerinthe : fantasmagoric
cerinthe : fantezist
cerinthe : inexplicabil
cerinthe : insolit
cerinthe : năstrușnic
cerinthe : neobișnuit
cerinthe : original
cerinthe : paradoxal
cerinthe : singular
cerință : imperativ
cerință : necesitate
cerință : nevoie
cerință : obligație
cerință : pretenție
cerință : nevoire
cerință : comandament
cerință : epocii
cerință : cerere
cerință : deziderat
cerință : postulat
cerință : solicitare
cerință : seama
cern : petrece
cern : dârmoia
cern : mălaiul
cerne : petrece
cerne : dârmoia
cerne : mălaiul
cernea : petrece
cernea : dârmoia
cernea : mălaiul
cerneală : înnegrire
cernere : petrece
cernere : dârmoia
cernere : mălaiul
cernit : îndoliat
cernit : negru
cernua : ghelci
cernua : ghelmes
cernut : ciuruit
cert : sigur
cert : infailibil
cert : procedeu
cert : fixat
certa : învrăjbi
certa : supăra
certa : bălăbăni
certa : gâlcevi
certa : sfădi
certa : prici
certa : cârti
certa : pricini
certa : cârcoti
certa : rohoti
certa : prigoni
certa : strica
certa : admonesta
certa : dăscăli
certa : dojeni
certa : moraliza
certa : mustra
certa : apostrofa
certa : beșteli
certa : muștrului
certa : probozi
certa : sudui
certa : înfrunta
certa : oropsi
certa : stropoli
certa : tolocăni
certa : bănui
certa : docăni
certa : mogorogi
certa : moronci
certa : puțui
certa : șmotri
certa : vrevi
certa : preobrăzi
certa : prihăni
certa : probăzui
certa : prociti
certa : săpuni
certa : scutura
certare : dojenire
certare : mustrare
certare : apostrofare
certare : sfădire
certat : învrăjbit
certat : supărat
certificat : astăzi
certificat : atestat
certificat : atestație
certificat : certificație
certificat : încredințare
certificat : testimoniu
certificat : teșcherea
certăreț : arțăgos
certăreț : gâlcevitor
certăreț : scandalagiu
certăreț : vociferant
certăreț : zavragiu
certăreț : țâfnos
certăreț : zurbagiu
certăreț : rânzos
certăreț : sfadnic
certăreț : sfădalnic
certăreț : sfădicios
certăreț : gâlcevos
certăreț : scandalos
certăreț : cârciogar
certăreț : porav
certăreț : pricinelnic
certăreț : pricinos
certăreț : pricelnic
certăreț : pricios
certăreț : pricitor
certăreț : sfădaci
certăreț : sfăditor
certăreț : clonțos
certăreț : colțos
certăreț : țăndăros
cerui : pretinde
cerui : reclama
cerui : revendica
cerui : striga
cerui : pretendelui
cerui : pretendui
cerui : grecism
cerui : pretenderisi
cerui : apuca
cerui : cuiva
cerui : pofti
cerui : inima
cerui : solicita
cerui : apela
cerui : recurge
cerui : suruclui
cerui : ajutorul
ceruire : ceruit
cerumen : năjit
cervus : plotun
cerșetor : milog
cerșetor : sărac
cerșetor : calic
cerșetor : mișel
cerșetor : manglitor
cerșetorime : calicime
cerșetorit : cerșetorie
cerșetorit : cerșit
cerși : milogi
cerși : prosti
cerși : coldui
cerși : calici
cerși : cerșetori
cerși : mangli
cerși : colțuri
cerșire : milogi
cerșire : prosti
cerșire : coldui
cerșire : calici
cerșire : cerșetori
cerșire : mangli
cerșire : colțuri
cerșit : cerșetorie
cerșit : milogit
cerșit : cerșetorit
cescut : minut
cescut : moment
cescuț : minut
cescuț : moment
cestălalt : ăstălalt
cestălalt : istalalt
cestălalt : înalt
cetate : baște
cetate : politie
ceteraș : scripcar
ceteraș : violonist
ceti : vedeai
cetlui : tecărui
cetluire : tecărui
cetluit : tecărui
cetârnă : jgheab
cetățean : supus
cetățenesc : civic
cetățenesc : civil
cetățenesc : politicesc
cetățeni : supus
cetățenie : supușenie
cetățenie : naționalitate
cetățuia : vârful
cetățuie : vârful
ceur : încrucișat
ceur : sașiu
ceva : cevașilea
ceva : oarece
ceva : oareceva
ceva : oareșice
ceva : câtva
ceva : oarecare
ceva : oareșicare
ceva : oarecâtva
cevași : câtva
cevași : oarecare
cevașilea : câtva
cevașilea : oarecare
cezarian : cezarotomie
cețos : încețoșat
cețos : înnegurat
cețos : nebulos
cețos : neguros
cețos : pâclos
cețos : neguratic
cețos : neguriu
chaerophyllum : aromaticum
chaerophyllum : borșer
chaerophyllum : crastavan
chaerophyllum : laba-gâștii
chalcedonica : scaunul-popii
chamaedrys : jugărel
chamaedrys : șugărel
chamaejasme : lăptic
chamaejasme : laptele-stâncii
chamaenerion : angustifolium
chamaenerion : zburătoare
chamomilla : roman
chamomilla : mătrice
chamomilla : mătricea
chamomilla : romonel
cheag : labferment
cheag : lactoferment
cheag : contribuie
cheag : coagul
cheag : stomac
cheag : glandular
chebap : cușchebap
chebap : specialitate
chef : benchet
chef : petrecere
chef : praznic
chef : prăznuire
chef : chiolhan
chef : refenea
chef : zaiafet
chef : petrecanie
chef : guleai
chef : întorc
chefal : laban
chefal : pacios
chefal : platarin
chefal : ilarie
chefliu : petrecător
chefliu : petrecănos
chefliu : veselnic
chefni : țăhni
chefnire : țăhni
chefnit : țăhnit
chefui : benchetui
chefui : petrece
chefui : prăznui
chefui : ospăta
chefui : nordul
chefui : mulătui
chefuire : benchetui
chefuire : petrece
chefuire : prăznui
chefuire : ospăta
chefuire : nordul
chefuire : mulătui
chefuleț : chefușor
chefălui : chercheli
chefălui : îmbăta
chefăluire : chercheli
chefăluire : îmbăta
chefăluit : chercheli
chefăluit : îmbăta
chei : splai
chel : pleșuv
chel : pleșuvit
chel : chelbos
chel : pleșcat
chel : târcav
chel : peleag
chelar : pivnicer
chelbe : chelie
chelen : cloretan
chelen : folosește
cheli : pleșuvi
chelidonium : gălbinare
chelidonium : rostopol
chelidonium : sălățea
chelidonium : tătărcele
chelidonium : ai-de-pădure
chelidonium : buruiană-de-negei
chelidonium : buruiană-de-pecingine
chelidonium : calce-mare
chelidonium : crucea-voinicului
chelidonium : iarba-rândunelei
chelidonium : iarbă-de-negei
chelidonium : iarbă-de-negi
chelidonium : mac-sălbatic
chelie : calviție
chelie : pleșuvie
chelie : chelbe
chelim : pleșuvi
chelire : pleșuvi
chelner : ospătar
chelner : restaurantul
chelneriță : profesiunea
cheltui : arunca
cheltui : zvârli
cheltui : irosi
cheltui : împrăștia
cheltui : prăpădi
cheltui : risipi
cheltui : prodiga
cheltui : prăda
cheltui : părădui
cheltui : spesa
cheltui : rășchira
cheltui : grecism
cheltui : afierosi
cheltui : mânca
cheltui : păpa
cheltui : averea
cheltui : banii
cheltui : toate
cheltuială : astăzi
cheltuială : speze
cheltuială : trimis
cheltuială : carte
cheltuire : chelșug
cheltuire : masraf
cheltuire : pentru
cheltuire : aruncare
cheltuire : zvârlire
cheltuire : irosire
cheltuire : risipire
cheltuire : părăduire
cheltuire : păpare
cheltuire : tocare
cheltuire : tocat
cheltuire : banilor
cheltuire : toate
cheltuit : irosit
cheltuit : prăpădit
cheltuit : risipit
cheltuit : părăduit
cheltuit : avere
cheltuitor : risipitor
cheltuitor : prodig
cheltuitor : risipelnic
cheltuitor : prădător
cheltuitor : cheltuielnic
cheltuitor : istrăvitor
cheltuitor : împrăștietor
cheltuitor : spart
chema : invita
chema : pofti
chema : convoca
chema : conchema
chema : striga
chema : spune
chema : porecli
chema : pomeni
chemare : invitare
chemare : invitație
chemare : poftire
chemare : cuiva
chemare : convocare
chemare : concr
chemare : ordin
chemare : primit
chemare : prezentat
chemat : competent
chemat : îndreptățit
chemat : volnic
chemi : invita
chemi : pofti
chemi : convoca
chemi : conchema
chemi : striga
chemi : spune
chemi : porecli
chemi : pomeni
chemigrafie : chemitipie
chemătoare : fluierice
chemătoare : vânătorul
chemătoare : strigătele
chemător : vătaf
chemător : vătășel
chenar : margine
chenar : ainfas
chenopodium : știr
chenopodium : piciorul-caprei
chenzinal : bilunar
chenărui : împrejmui
chenărui : încadra
chenărui : înconjura
chenărui : mărgini
chenăruire : împrejmui
chenăruire : încadra
chenăruire : înconjura
chenăruire : mărgini
chenăruit : împrejmui
chenăruit : încadra
chenăruit : înconjura
chenăruit : mărgini
cheotoare : cămășii
cheotoare : colțurile
cheotoare : cățel
cheotoare : colțul
cheotoare : gardurilor
chepcei : posfat
chepcei : târboc
chepcei : forma
cherapleș : nătâng
cherapleș : neghiob
cherapleș : nerod
cherapleș : netot
cherapleș : prost
cherapleș : prostănac
cherapleș : stupid
cherestea : lemnărie
chermeleu : băut
chermeleu : cherchelit
chermeleu : îmbătat
chernăr : punctator
chernăr : punctar
ches : pătat
chestiune : următoarea
chestiune : afacere
chestiune : interese
chestiune : rezolvat
chestiune : toate
chestiune : lucru
chestiune : poveste
chestiune : madea
chestiune : rusism
chestiune : predmet
chestiune : lămurit
chesăgi : extermina
chesăgi : masacra
chesăgi : măcelări
chesăgi : nimici
chesăgi : prăpădi
chesăgire : extermina
chesăgire : masacra
chesăgire : măcelări
chesăgire : nimici
chesăgire : prăpădi
chesăgit : extermina
chesăgit : masacra
chesăgit : măcelări
chesăgit : nimici
chesăgit : prăpădi
chesăgiu : măcelar
cheta : curama
cheta : grecism
cheta : sinisfora
cheta : pentru
cheta : strângerea
chetă : curama
chetă : grecism
chetă : sinisfora
chetă : pentru
chetă : strângerea
chezaș : stâlpii
chezaș : caselor
cheș : pătat
cheși : pătat
chiabur : bogat
chiabur : înstărit
chiar : cristalin
chiar : curat
chiar : deslușit
chiar : distinct
chiar : evident
chiar : lămurit
chiar : limpede
chiar : precis
chibrit : bâticel
chibrit : scăpărătoare
chibrit : aprinzătoare
chibrit : foacăle
chibrit : piruște
chibrit : sud-vestul
chibrit : pucioase
chibrit : sârnic
chibrit : aprins
chibzui : cugeta
chibzui : gândi
chibzui : judeca
chibzui : medita
chibzui : raționa
chibzui : reflecta
chibzui : meditarisi
chibzui : mândri
chibzui : rezona
chibzui : semui
chibzui : socoti
chibzui : sămălui
chibzui : cântări
chibzui : cumpăni
chibzui : drămui
chibzui : delibera
chibzui : dezbate
chibzui : discuta
chibzui : pertracta
chibzui : atenție
chibzui : măsura
chibzuială : chibzuire
chibzuială : cumințenie
chibzuială : cumpătare
chibzuială : înțelepciune
chibzuială : judiciozitate
chibzuială : minte
chibzuială : moderație
chibzuială : rațiune
chibzuială : cuminție
chibzuială : ponderație
chibzuială : scumpătate
chibzuială : sămăluire
chibzuială : schepsis
chibzuială : cumpănire
chibzuire : deliberare
chibzuire : gândire
chibzuire : judecare
chibzuire : cumpănire
chibzuire : drămuire
chibzuire : dezbatere
chibzuire : discutare
chibzuire : discuție
chibzuire : pertractare
chibzuit : cumpătat
chibzuit : așezat
chibzuit : echilibrat
chibzuit : liniștit
chibzuit : pașnic
chibzuit : potolit
chibzuit : tihnit
chibzuit : cuminte
chibzuit : înțelept
chibzuit : socotit
chibzuit : mintos
chibzuit : înțelepțește
chibzuit : judicios
chibzuit : rațional
chibzuit : procedat
chibzuit : cumpănit
chibzuit : gândit
chibzuit : matur
chibzuit : serios
chibzuit : temeinic
chibzuit : deștept
chibzuit : inteligent
chichion : bucluc
chichion : dandana
chichion : neajuns
chichion : necaz
chichion : nemulțumire
chichion : nenorocire
chichion : neplăcere
chichion : nevoie
chichion : pacoste
chichion : pocinog
chichiță : capra
chici : chica-voinicului
chici : damascena
chici : păianjen
chici : barba-boierului
chiciură : polei
chiciură : depus
chiciură : crengile
chiclaz : melanterit
chiclaz : sulfat
chicoteală : chicot
chicoteală : chicotire
chicoteală : chicotit
chicoteală : încot
chicoti : hihoti
chicoti : necheza
chică : chica-voinicului
chică : damascena
chică : păianjen
chică : barba-boierului
chiftea : carne
chihai : enerva
chihai : indispune
chihai : irita
chihai : necăji
chihai : plictisi
chihaia : enerva
chihaia : indispune
chihaia : irita
chihaia : necăji
chihaia : plictisi
chihlimbar : astăzi
chihlimbar : succin
chihlimbar : obiecte
chihăi : enerva
chihăi : indispune
chihăi : irita
chihăi : necăji
chihăi : plictisi
chihăire : enerva
chihăire : indispune
chihăire : irita
chihăire : necăji
chihăire : plictisi
chihăit : enerva
chihăit : indispune
chihăit : irita
chihăit : necăji
chihăit : plictisi
chil : kilogram
chilav : invalid
chile : kilogram
chiliasm : milenarism
chilim : înflorat
chilim : prins
chilin : diferit
chilin : distinct
chilini : diferit
chilini : distinct
chilină : diferit
chilină : distinct
chilipir : ghelir
chilipir : locma
chilipir : adevărat
chilipirgiu : pleșcar
chilipirgiu : pomanagiu
chiliuță : locuia
chiloman : gălăgie
chiloman : hărmălaie
chiloman : huiet
chiloman : scandal
chiloman : tărăboi
chiloman : tumult
chiloman : vacarm
chiloman : vuiet
chilot : pantalon
chilug : pisălog
chimie : chimie
chimio : chimie
chimion : chimen
chimion : secărea
chimion : tarhon
chimion : molotru
chimir : șerpar
chimir : praștie
chimir : banii
chimval : tipsii
chin : calvar
chin : durere
chin : cercare
chin : pătimire
chin : răbdare
chin : straste
chin : suferire
chin : efort
chin : forțare
chin : sforțare
chin : strădanie
chin : zbatere
chin : travaliu
chin : străduire
chin : căznire
chin : strădănuire
chin : încununat
chindeu : șervet
chindia : vecernie
chindia : sunimiez
chindia : avecernie
chindia : apusul
chindie : vecernie
chindie : sunimiez
chindie : avecernie
chindie : apusul
chinezesc : chinez
chingă : găinar
chingă : martac
chingă : prinsoare
chingă : limba-caprei
chingă : căpriorii
chingă : cheotoare
chingă : acoperișul
chingă : punte
chingă : război
chinonic : cântare
chinoroz : folosește
chinoroz : fabricarea
chinoroz : cernelii
chinovie : obște
chinui : suferi
chinui : nevoi
chinui : strădui
chinui : foarte
chinui : cauza
chinui : necăji
chinui : supăra
chinui : consuma
chinui : frământa
chinui : munci
chinui : apăsa
chinui : măcina
chinui : mușca
chinui : roade
chinui : dragoste
chinuitor : rebel
chinuitor : supărător
chinuitor : necăjos
chinuitor : intens
chinuitor : puternic
chinuitor : străpungător
chinuitor : violent
chinuitor : ascuțit
chinuitor : sfredelitor
chiolhan : petrecere
chiolhan : praznic
chiolhănos : josnic
chiolhănos : mișel
chiolhănos : mișelesc
chiolhănos : mizerabil
chiolhănos : mârșav
chiolhănos : nedemn
chiolhănos : nelegiuit
chiolhănos : nemernic
chiolhănos : netrebnic
chiolhănos : rușinos
chiolhănos : scelerat
chiomb : încrucișat
chiomb : sașiu
chior : încrucișat
chior : sașiu
chior : sărac
chiorâș : îmbufnat
chiorâș : încruntat
chiot : chiuit
chiot : hăulire
chiot : hăulit
chiot : hihăit
chiot : hihot
chip : imagine
chip : închipuire
chip : revine
chip : mereu
chip : fason
chip : model
chip : maramchipu
chiparoasă : tuberosa
chiparos : cipru
chipurile : imagine
chipurile : închipuire
chipurile : revine
chipurile : mereu
chipurile : fason
chipurile : model
chipurile : maramchipu
chira : pescar
chirci : contracta
chirci : ghemui
chirci : închirci
chirci : strânge
chirci : zgârci
chirci : ciuciuli
chirci : stârci
chirci : zguli
chircire : contractare
chircire : ghemuire
chircire : închircire
chircire : strângere
chircire : zgârcire
chircire : cuiva
chircire : cauza
chircit : contractat
chircit : ghemuit
chircit : închircit
chircit : strâns
chircit : zgârcit
chircit : ciuciulit
chircit : stârcit
chircit : tâmbușit
chircit : zgulit
chircoti : dormita
chircoti : picoti
chircotire : dormita
chircotire : picoti
chiriacodromion : cuvânt
chiriacodromion : omilie
chiriaș : locatar
chiriaș : chirigiu
chirie : locație
chirie : năiem
chirie : simbrie
chirie : pentru
chirighiță : râbar
chirighiță : pescar
chirighiță : rândunică-de-mare
chirilic : slavon
chirilic : slavonesc
chirilic : chirilicesc
chirilic : litere
chirpici : construiau
chirpici : trecut
chirpici : pereții
chirurg : operator
chirurg : țirulic
chirurg : turcism
chirurg : gerah
chirurgical : operatoriu
chiră : pescar
chiseliță : mâncat
chisnovat : hazliu
chitanță : sinet
chitanță : tahvil
chitanță : teșcherea
chitanță : rusism
chitanță : banii
chitanță : primit
chitcăit : mocoșit
chitcăit : moșmondit
chiti : aranja
chiti : arunca
chiti : așeza
chiti : avânta
chiti : azvârli
chiti : chibzui
chiti : clasa
chiti : clasifica
chiti : considera
chiti : crede
chiti : dispune
chiti : distribui
chiti : găsi
chiti : gândi
chiti : grupa
chiti : intenționa
chiti : întocmi
chiti : judeca
chiti : opina
chiti : ordona
chiti : organiza
chiti : rândui
chiti : plănui
chiti : potrivi
chiti : precipita
chiti : proiecta
chiti : repartiza
chiti : repezi
chiti : sări
chiti : sistematiza
chiti : socoti
chiti : ținti
chitire : aranja
chitire : arunca
chitire : așeza
chitire : avânta
chitire : azvârli
chitire : chibzui
chitire : clasa
chitire : clasifica
chitire : considera
chitire : crede
chitire : dispune
chitire : distribui
chitire : găsi
chitire : gândi
chitire : grupa
chitire : intenționa
chitire : întocmi
chitire : judeca
chitire : opina
chitire : ordona
chitire : organiza
chitire : rândui
chitire : plănui
chitire : potrivi
chitire : precipita
chitire : proiecta
chitire : repartiza
chitire : repezi
chitire : sări
chitire : sistematiza
chitire : socoti
chitire : ținti
chitit : aranja
chitit : arunca
chitit : așeza
chitit : avânta
chitit : azvârli
chitit : chibzui
chitit : clasa
chitit : clasifica
chitit : considera
chitit : crede
chitit : dispune
chitit : distribui
chitit : găsi
chitit : gândi
chitit : grupa
chitit : intenționa
chitit : întocmi
chitit : judeca
chitit : opina
chitit : ordona
chitit : organiza
chitit : rândui
chitit : plănui
chitit : potrivi
chitit : precipita
chitit : proiecta
chitit : repartiza
chitit : repezi
chitit : sări
chitit : sistematiza
chitit : socoti
chitit : ținti
chiui : chioti
chiui : hăuli
chiui : striga
chiui : țipa
chiui : huhura
chiui : hureza
chiui : focului
chiuire : chioti
chiuire : hăuli
chiuire : striga
chiuire : țipa
chiuire : huhura
chiuire : hureza
chiuire : focului
chiureta : racla
chiuretaj : chiuretare
chiuretaj : raclaj
chiuretat : racla
chiuretă : racla
chiuvetă : lavabou
chiuvetă : lavoar
chiuvetă : astăzi
chiuvetă : pentru
chivot : tabernacul
chivot : creștini
chivot : păcii
chivot : sicriul
chivot : legii
chivot : mozaici
chivot : servește
chivot : păstrarea
chivot : tablelor
chix : eșec
chix : insucces
chișiță : picioarele
chișiță : animalelor
chișleag : laptele
chișleag : prins
chiț : interj
chițcan : șoarece
chloropus : floarea-ciutei
chondrilla : sălățica-zidului
chrysanthemum : balsamita
chrysanthemum : busuiocul-fetelor
chrysanthemum : busuiocul-sfintelor
chrysosplenium : bulbuc
ci : numai
ci : prost
ciaclă : bâtlan
ciaclă : roșiatic
ciaclă : stârc
ciaclă : purpuriu
ciaclăroșie : bâtlan
ciaclăroșie : roșiatic
ciaclăroșie : stârc
ciaclăroșie : purpuriu
cian : cianogen
cian : dician
cian : incolor
cianoza : maladie
cianoză : maladie
cianura : prusiat
cianură : prusiat
cicatrice : stigmat
cicatrice : nord-estul
cicatrice : rămas
cicatriza : închide
cicatriza : vindeca
cicatrizare : închidere
cicatrizare : vindecare
cicatrizat : închis
cicatrizat : vindecat
cicer : măzăriche
cichorium : cicoare
ciclan : cicloalcan
ciclic : periodic
ciclist : biciclist
ciclist : rutier
ciclist : velocipedist
ciclohexenă : tetrahidrobenzen
ciclon : taifun
ciclon : uragan
ciclon : regiunile
cicloramă : orizont
cicloramă : fundal
ciclu : crâng
ciclu : ciclu
cicăli : bodogăni
cicăli : dăscăli
cicăli : plictisi
cicăli : boscorodi
cicăli : dondăni
cicăli : prociti
cicăli : sucăli
cicăli : ciocmăni
cicăli : morcoti
cicăli : tocăni
cicăli : tolocăni
cicăli : moronci
cicăli : bombăni
cicăli : socri
cicăli : ciocăni
cicăli : pisălogi
cicăli : atâta
cicălire : bodogăni
cicălire : dăscăli
cicălire : plictisi
cicălire : boscorodi
cicălire : dondăni
cicălire : prociti
cicălire : sucăli
cicălire : ciocmăni
cicălire : morcoti
cicălire : tocăni
cicălire : tolocăni
cicălire : moronci
cicălire : bombăni
cicălire : socri
cicălire : ciocăni
cicălire : pisălogi
cicălire : atâta
cicălit : bodogăni
cicălit : dăscăli
cicălit : plictisi
cicălit : boscorodi
cicălit : dondăni
cicălit : prociti
cicălit : sucăli
cicălit : ciocmăni
cicălit : morcoti
cicălit : tocăni
cicălit : tolocăni
cicălit : moronci
cicălit : bombăni
cicălit : socri
cicălit : ciocăni
cicălit : pisălogi
cicălit : atâta
cicălitor : sâcâitor
cicălitor : pisălog
cidru : băut
cidru : pahar
cifra : număra
cifra : zecile
cifra : ridica
cifrare : cifraj
cifrat : număra
cifrat : zecile
cifrat : ridica
cihăi : cicăli
cihăi : dăscăli
cihăi : plictisi
cihăire : cicăli
cihăire : dăscăli
cihăire : plictisi
cihăit : cicăli
cihăit : dăscăli
cihăit : plictisi
cilindri : războiul
cilindri : neurit
cilindru : războiul
cilindru : neurit
cimbrișor : vulgaris
cimbrișor : sărpun
cimbrișor : schinduf
cimbrișor : cimbru-de-câmp
cimbrișor : timian
cimbrișor : timișor
cimenta : întări
cimentare : întărire
cimentat : întări
cimilitură : proverb
cimitir : margine
cimitir : morminte
cimitir : avlie
cimitir : morțărie
cimitir : progadie
cimitir : sudul
cimitir : stobor
cimitir : temeteu
cimitir : țintirim
cimitir : grobiște
cimișir : bănuței
cimișir : merișor
cimișir : pospang
cimotie : rubedenie
cimpoiaș : cimpoi
cimpoiaș : numește
cinaș : cochet
cinaș : dichisit
cinaș : elegant
cinaș : ferchezuit
cinaș : frumușel
cinaș : gătit
cinaș : îngrijit
cincăi : cicăli
cincăi : dăscăli
cincăi : plictisi
cincăire : cicăli
cincăire : dăscăli
cincăire : plictisi
cincăit : cicăli
cincăit : dăscăli
cincăit : plictisi
cinefil : cineamator
cinefilă : cineamator
cinematograf : cinema
cinerariaefolium : cinerariaefolium
cinerea : lozie
cinerea : zălog
cinerea : salcie
cinerea : babylonica
cinerea : plângătoare
cineva : careva
cineva : oarecare
cineva : vreunul
cineva : cinevașilea
cineva : oarecine
cineva : oareșicine
cineva : neștine
cinevași : cineva
cinevași : oarecare
cinevașilea : cineva
cinevașilea : oarecare
cineși : fiecare
cineși : fiecine
cineși : oricare
cineși : oricine
cineși : orișicare
cingulata : cingulata
cingulata : carete
cingulata : patruzeci-de-picioare
cingulata : mâța-popii
cinie : instrument
cinie : porțelan
cinste : corectitudine
cinste : incoruptibilitate
cinste : integritate
cinste : lealitate
cinste : onestitate
cinste : probitate
cinste : onorabilitate
cinste : onestie
cinste : curățenie
cinste : curăție
cinste : sinceritate
cinste : loialitate
cinste : sadacat
cinste : devotament
cinste : fidelitate
cinste : statornicie
cinste : soției
cinste : soțul
cinste : favoare
cinste : onoare
cinste : privilegiu
cinste : invitat
cinsteț : lipan
cinsteț : sugariu
cinsteț : șerlai
cinsteț : brânca-porcului
cinsteț : brusturul-caprei
cinsteț : cocean-căpresc
cinsteț : urechea-porcului
cinstit : corect
cinstit : incoruptibil
cinstit : integru
cinstit : necoruptibil
cinstit : onest
cinstit : neademenit
cinstit : nemitarnic
cinstit : curat
cinstit : nepătat
cinstit : comportare
cintezoi : cintez
cintezoi : bărbătușul
cinteză : scatiu
cinteză : finchiu
cinteză : pinchiu
cinteză : fringilla
cioara : porumbei
cioarsă : bulicher
ciob : hârb
ciob : breanc
cioban : păstor
cioban : păcurar
cioban : nordul
ciobi : ciocni
ciobi : știrbi
ciobi : pahar
ciobire : ciobit
ciobire : ciocnire
ciobire : știrbire
ciobit : ciocnit
ciobit : știrb
ciobit : știrbit
ciobănaș : ciobănel
ciobănaș : păstorel
ciobănaș : păcurărel
ciobănaș : abrudeana
ciobănaș : abrudeanca
ciobănaș : ardeleana
ciobănaș : ardeleneasca
ciobănaș : hațegana
ciobănaș : lugojana
ciobănaș : someșana
ciobănaș : popular
ciobănaș : mișcare
ciobănește : păstorește
ciobănește : păcurărește
ciobăni : păstori
ciobăni : păcurări
ciobănire : păstori
ciobănire : păcurări
ciobănit : păstori
ciobănit : păcurări
cioc : interj
ciocan : cocean
ciocan : stâlp
ciocan : știulete
ciocan : târnăcop
ciochie : bașchie
ciochie : bățic
ciochie : dogarul
ciochie : cercul
ciochie : beschie
cioclu : dricar
ciocmăni : cicăli
ciocmăni : dăscăli
ciocmăni : plictisi
ciocmănire : cicăli
ciocmănire : dăscăli
ciocmănire : plictisi
ciocmănit : cicăli
ciocmănit : dăscăli
ciocmănit : plictisi
ciocni : tampona
ciocni : întreciocni
ciocni : închina
ciocni : sănătatea
ciocnire : izbire
ciocnire : lovire
ciocnire : tamponare
ciocnire : coliziune
ciocnire : impact
ciocnire : întreciocnire
ciocnit : izbit
ciocnit : lovit
ciocnit : tamponat
ciocnit : lungul
ciocnitură : ciocnet
ciocoi : peior
ciocoiesc : peior
ciocoiește : peior
ciocoire : peior
ciocâlteu : vestul
ciocâlteu : teglici
ciocârlan : cristata
ciocârlia : arvensis
ciocârlia : tiutiuroi
ciocârlia : țârloi
ciocârlia : ciocoi
ciocârlia : păcurar
ciocârlie : arvensis
ciocârlie : tiutiuroi
ciocârlie : țârloi
ciocârlie : ciocoi
ciocârlie : păcurar
ciocârti : ciopli
ciocârti : sfârteca
ciocârti : sfâșia
ciocârtire : ciopli
ciocârtire : sfârteca
ciocârtire : sfâșia
ciocârtit : ciopli
ciocârtit : sfârteca
ciocârtit : sfâșia
ciocănaș : gonaci
ciocăni : bocăni
ciocăni : pocăni
ciocăni : bontăni
ciocăni : tocăni
ciocăni : cineva
cioflingar : lichea
cioflingar : netrebnic
cioflingar : pușlama
cioflingar : scârnăvie
ciolan : bodolan
ciolan : boldan
ciolan : ciont
ciolan : câinelui
cioltar : valtrap
cioltar : japiu
cioltar : șaua
ciolănaș : ciolănel
ciolănaș : oscior
ciolănos : ciontos
ciomag : toroipan
ciomag : pătăchie
ciomag : tămânjer
ciomag : tăujer
ciomag : tufan
ciomag : crivac
ciomag : haidamac
ciomag : jilăvete
ciomag : șuvei
ciomag : fuscel
ciomag : fuște
ciomag : izbit
ciomp : butuc
cioplea : struji
cioplea : ciocârti
cioplea : cuțitul
ciopli : struji
ciopli : ciocârti
ciopli : cuțitul
cioplire : cioplit
cioplire : strujire
cioplire : strujit
cioplire : lemnului
cioplitor : cuțitoaie
cioplitor : potcovarul
cioplitor : copita
cioplitură : crestez
ciopor : cârd
ciopârți : sfârteca
ciopârți : sfâșia
ciopârți : căsăpi
ciopârți : dumica
ciopârți : măcelări
ciopârți : cârti
ciopârți : cârnosi
ciopârți : hăcui
ciopârți : animalul
ciopârțire : sfârtecare
ciopârțire : sfâșiere
ciopârțire : căsăpire
ciopârțire : hăcuire
ciopârțit : sfârteca
ciopârțit : sfâșia
ciopârțit : căsăpi
ciopârțit : dumica
ciopârțit : măcelări
ciopârțit : cârti
ciopârțit : cârnosi
ciopârțit : hăcui
ciopârțit : animalul
ciorap : colțun
ciorap : ștrimf
ciorbă : mâncat
ciorchine : racem
ciordeală : hoție
ciormoiag : condroniu
ciormoiag : miazănoapte
ciormoiag : păduroniu
ciormoiag : grâul-prepeliței
ciormoiag : grâu-negru
ciormoiag : sor-cu-frate
ciornei : bruion
ciornei : concept
ciornei : piese
ciornă : bruion
ciornă : concept
ciornă : piese
cioroboti : deretica
cioroboti : scutura
ciorobotire : deretica
ciorobotire : scutura
ciorobotit : deretica
ciorobotit : scutura
cioroi : cioroinic
ciorovăi : ciondăni
ciorovăi : vergela
ciorovăi : ciorti
ciorovăi : clănțăni
ciorovăială : ciorovăire
ciorovăială : între
ciotcă : butuc
ciovei : bulendre
ciovei : catrafuse
ciovei : troace
ciovică : cucuvaie
ciovică : cucuvea
cioșmoli : ezita
cioșmoli : frământa
cioșmoli : neliniști
cioșmoli : pregeta
cioșmoli : zbuciuma
cioșmolire : ezita
cioșmolire : frământa
cioșmolire : neliniști
cioșmolire : pregeta
cioșmolire : zbuciuma
cir : lipici
cir : păsat
cirac : favorit
cirac : învățăcel
cirac : protejat
circ : cazan
circ : căldare
circ : regiunile
circ : lunar
circ : crater
circaea : vrăjitoare
circaea : iarba-vrăjitoarei
circula : deplasa
circula : merge
circula : umbla
circula : multe
circula : vehicule
circula : singur
circula : curge
circula : folosi
circula : utiliza
circula : uzita
circula : politici
circula : cuvinte
circular : rotund
circular : rotilat
circular : rotocol
circular : rotocolit
circular : spațiu
circular : orbicular
circular : descrie
circular : traiectorie
circular : rotativ
circulare : deplasa
circulare : merge
circulare : umbla
circulare : multe
circulare : vehicule
circulare : singur
circulare : curge
circulare : folosi
circulare : utiliza
circulare : uzita
circulare : politici
circulare : cuvinte
circulară : deplasa
circulară : merge
circulară : umbla
circulară : multe
circulară : vehicule
circulară : singur
circulară : curge
circulară : folosi
circulară : utiliza
circulară : uzita
circulară : politici
circulară : cuvinte
circulat : bătătorit
circulat : bătut
circulat : frecventat
circulat : umblat
circulație : deplasare
circulație : mișcare
circulație : sevei
circulație : trafic
circulație : tract
circulație : umblet
circulație : purtare
circulație : ieșite
circumcide : obrezui
circumcidere : obrezui
circumcis : obrezuit
circumcizie : obrezanie
circumcizie : obrezuire
circumferință : grosime
circumferință : trunchi
circumlunar : circumselenar
circumlunar : perilunar
circumlunar : periselenar
circumscripție : secție
circumscripție : despărțire
circumscripție : poliție
circumscris : limitat
circumscris : delimitat
circumscris : finit
circumscris : mărginit
circumstanță : împrejurări
circumstanță : timpuri
circumstanță : vremuri
circumstanță : foarte
circumvoluție : cerebral
cireadă : cârd
cireadă : botei
cireadă : ciopor
cireadă : tabun
cireș : fructicosa
cireș : vișinel
cireș : cireș-pitic
cireș : vișin-sălbatic
ciri : lipici
ciri : păsat
ciripi : pirui
ciripire : pirui
ciripit : piruit
ciriș : lipici
cirsium : crăpușnic
cirto : minut
cirto : moment
cirtă : minut
cirtă : moment
cita : chema
cita : invita
cita : soroci
cita : proces
citanie : citit
citanie : parcurgere
citare : chemare
citare : citație
citare : invitare
citare : invitație
citare : cuiva
citarea : chemare
citarea : citație
citarea : invitare
citarea : invitație
citarea : cuiva
citară : chema
citară : invita
citară : soroci
citară : proces
citat : citație
citație : concr
citație : primi
citeață : descifrabil
citeață : deslușit
citeață : lizibil
citeață : scris
citellus : citellus
citellus : mitorlan
citellus : popândoc
citellus : țiștar
citeț : descifrabil
citeț : deslușit
citeț : lizibil
citeț : scris
citi : parcurge
citi : lectura
citi : spune
citi : câteva
citi : rânduri
citi : cultiva
citi : instrui
citi : descifra
citire : citit
citire : parcurgere
citire : citanie
citire : timpul
citire : textului
citire : descifrare
cititor : lector
citoplasmatic : citoplasmic
citoscopie : citodiagnostic
citovi : înfiripa
citovi : întrema
citovi : înzdrăveni
citovi : lecui
citovi : reface
citovi : restabili
citovi : ridica
citovi : tămădui
citric : agrume
citrullus : bostan
citrullus : boșar
citrullus : curcubete
citrullus : harbuz
citrullus : himanic
citrullus : șiarchin
citrullus : zămos
citrullus : cantalup
citrullus : caune
citrullus : gălboi
citrullus : himunic
citrullus : popone
citrus : naramz
citrus : oranz
cită : chema
cită : invita
cită : soroci
cită : proces
ciubuc : ciubucar
ciubuc : lambar
ciubuc : lămbuitor
ciubuc : tipar
ciubăr : șofei
ciubăr : șofel
ciuciulea : contracta
ciuciulea : ghemui
ciuciulea : închirci
ciuciulea : strânge
ciuciulete : invar
ciuciulete : zbârciog
ciuciuli : contracta
ciuciuli : ghemui
ciuciuli : închirci
ciuciuli : strânge
ciuciulire : contracta
ciuciulire : ghemui
ciuciulire : închirci
ciuciulire : strânge
ciuciulit : contractat
ciuciulit : ghemuit
ciuciulit : închircit
ciuciulit : strâns
ciuciure : clopoței
ciucuraș : ciucurel
ciucuraș : floarea-ciumei
ciucure : canaf
ciucure : motocel
ciucure : frânghie
ciucure : tuftur
ciucure : țarțam
ciucure : țurțur
ciucure : șalang
ciucure : piuscul
ciucure : săgeac
ciucuri : canaf
ciucuri : motocel
ciucuri : frânghie
ciucuri : tuftur
ciucuri : țarțam
ciucuri : țurțur
ciucuri : șalang
ciucuri : piuscul
ciucuri : săgeac
ciudi : cruci
ciudi : enerva
ciudi : indispune
ciudi : irita
ciudi : înciuda
ciudi : minuna
ciudi : necăji
ciudi : nedumeri
ciudi : plictisi
ciudi : supăra
ciudire : cruci
ciudire : enerva
ciudire : indispune
ciudire : irita
ciudire : înciuda
ciudire : minuna
ciudire : necăji
ciudire : nedumeri
ciudire : plictisi
ciudire : supăra
ciudit : cruci
ciudit : enerva
ciudit : indispune
ciudit : irita
ciudit : înciuda
ciudit : minuna
ciudit : necăji
ciudit : nedumeri
ciudit : plictisi
ciudit : supăra
ciudos : ciudat
ciudos : curios
ciudos : excentric
ciudos : extravagant
ciudos : fantasmagoric
ciudos : fantezist
ciudos : inexplicabil
ciudos : insolit
ciudos : năstrușnic
ciudos : neobișnuit
ciudos : original
ciudos : paradoxal
ciudos : singular
ciudățenie : bazaconie
ciudățenie : bizarerie
ciudățenie : bâzdâganie
ciudățenie : curiozitate
ciudățenie : drăcie
ciudățenie : drăcovenie
ciudățenie : minunăție
ciudățenie : năstrușnicie
ciudățenie : năzdrăvănie
ciudățenie : singularitate
ciudățenie : comedie
ciudățenie : dănănaie
ciudățenie : șozenie
ciudățenie : miraz
ciudățenie : mirăzenie
ciudățenie : grecism
ciudățenie : paraxenie
ciudățenie : unele
ciufuli : zbârli
ciufuli : burzului
ciufuli : sperli
ciufuli : părui
ciufulire : zbârlire
ciufulit : deranjat
ciufulit : neîngrijit
ciufulit : vâlvoi
ciufulit : zbârlit
ciufulit : hirsut
ciufulit : burzuluit
ciufulit : străflocat
ciufulit : borzos
ciufulit : buhos
ciufulit : buhuiat
ciufulit : vâlvoiat
ciufulit : zbârlog
ciufulit : zborșit
ciufulit : dupuros
ciufulit : vestul
ciufulit : sud-vestul
ciufulit : sperlit
ciufulit : nețesălat
ciufulit : părul
ciuguli : ciupi
ciuguli : piguli
ciugulire : ciupi
ciugulire : piguli
ciugulit : ciupi
ciugulit : piguli
ciuin : odagaci
ciuin : săpun
ciuin : berbecei
ciuin : mielușei
ciuin : săpuior
ciuin : săpunar
ciuin : săpunel
ciuin : floarea-călugărului
ciuin : floarea-studentului
ciuin : flori-albe
ciuin : flori-de-sopon
ciuin : iarbă-de-săpun
ciuin : iarbă-de-soponit
ciuin : mărarul-calului
ciuin : rupturi-de-mal
ciuin : spuma-calului
ciuin : săpunare
ciuli : ciușdi
ciulin : cornaci
ciulin : salcicorn
ciulinos : mărăcinos
ciulinos : spinos
ciulire : ciușdi
ciulit : ciușdi
ciulnița : vârtej
ciulnița : vâltoare
ciulniță : vârtej
ciulniță : vâltoare
ciumat : pestiferat
ciumat : regiune
ciumaș : infecțios
ciumos : infecțios
ciumpan : butuc
ciumă : fluture-cap-de-mort
ciumăfaie : măslag
ciumăfaie : borciu
ciumăfaie : măselar
ciumăfaie : turbare
ciumăfaie : boii-pruncilor
ciumăfaie : ciuma-fetei
ciumăfaie : măr-ghimpos
ciumăfaie : mărul-porcului
ciumărea : scrântitoare
ciumărea : iarba-ciumei
ciung : ciunt
ciung : ciolac
ciungi : schilodi
ciungire : schilodi
ciungit : schilodi
ciungă : ciunt
ciungă : ciolac
ciunt : ciung
ciunt : ciolac
ciunta : ciung
ciunta : ciolac
ciuperca : fungi
ciuperca : burete
ciupercă : fungi
ciupercă : burete
ciupi : pișca
ciupi : țicura
ciupi : picura
ciupi : pișcura
ciupi : pițiga
ciupi : ciuguli
ciupi : piguli
ciupi : scărpina
ciupi : instrument
ciupi : muzical
ciupire : ciupit
ciupire : pișcare
ciupire : pișcat
ciupit : înțepat
ciupit : pișcat
ciupitură : pișcare
ciupitură : cuiva
ciurar : sitar
ciurar : vinde
ciurdă : buluc
ciurdă : cârd
ciurdă : droaie
ciurdă : mulțime
ciurdă : pâlc
ciureci : hamster
ciurlan : salcicorn
ciurlan : burcum
ciurlan : ciulin
ciurlan : curai
ciurlan : fugaci
ciurlan : parpalac
ciurlan : pochitnic
ciurlan : rostogol
ciurlan : sărigea
ciurlan : tartan
ciurlan : tărfălog
ciurlan : tăvălug
ciurlan : târtan
ciurlan : vălătuc
ciurlan : vătălan
ciurlan : iarba-porcului
ciuroi : șipot
ciuroi : bijoi
ciuroi : ciuciur
ciut : melcat
ciut : cornut
ciuteică : butuc
ciutură : scoate
ciutură : roata
ciută : femela
civil : pământesc
civil : probleme
civiliza : umaniza
civiliza : cultiva
civiliza : rafina
civiliza : stila
civiliza : politici
civiliza : ciopli
civiliza : cizela
civiliza : subția
civiliza : șlefui
civiliza : roade
civilizare : umaniza
civilizare : cultiva
civilizare : rafina
civilizare : stila
civilizare : politici
civilizare : ciopli
civilizare : cizela
civilizare : subția
civilizare : șlefui
civilizare : roade
cizela : șlefui
cizela : dalta
cizelare : cizelat
cizelare : șlefuire
cizelare : șlefuit
cizelare : material
cizelat : șlefuit
cizelat : material
cizmar : pantofar
cizmar : papucar
cizmar : papugiu
cizmar : ciubotar
cizmar : cavaf
cizmuliță : astăzi
cizmăresc : ciubotăresc
cizmărie : pantofărie
cizmărie : ciubotărie
cizmărie : căvăfie
cizmărie : papucărie
cișmea : hazna
claca : boieresc
claca : rentei
claca : feudale
claca : numea
claca : șezătoare
claca : furcărie
claca : serile
clacare : clacaj
clacă : boieresc
clacă : rentei
clacă : feudale
clacă : numea
clacă : șezătoare
clacă : furcărie
clacă : serile
clado : morman
cladă : morman
clama : prins
clama : foile
clamă : prins
clamă : foile
clandestin : ilegal
clandestin : secret
clandestin : subteran
clandestin : ilicit
clandestin : nelegal
clanță : încuietoare
clanță : zimpirig
clanță : clenci
clanță : rătez
clanță : verver
clanță : broasca
clapie : buluc
clapie : cârd
clapie : droaie
clapie : mulțime
clapie : pâlc
clar : deslușit
clar : distinct
clar : evident
clar : lămurit
clar : limpede
clar : precis
clar : apriat
clar : chiar
clar : curat
clar : imagine
clar : pronunție
clar : transparent
clar : flagrant
clar : incontestabil
clar : indiscutabil
clar : izbitor
clar : învederat
clar : neîndoielnic
clar : neîndoios
clar : netăgăduit
clar : pregnant
clar : vădit
clar : vizibil
clar : manifest
clar : marcat
clar : acurat
clar : nealterat
clar : cristalin
clar : explicit
clar : expres
clar : inteligibil
clar : răspicat
clar : comprehensibil
clar : neted
clar : afirmație
clar : aievea
clara : deslușit
clara : distinct
clara : evident
clara : lămurit
clara : limpede
clara : precis
clara : apriat
clara : chiar
clara : curat
clara : imagine
clara : pronunție
clara : transparent
clara : flagrant
clara : incontestabil
clara : indiscutabil
clara : izbitor
clara : învederat
clara : neîndoielnic
clara : neîndoios
clara : netăgăduit
clara : pregnant
clara : vădit
clara : vizibil
clara : manifest
clara : marcat
clara : acurat
clara : nealterat
clara : cristalin
clara : explicit
clara : expres
clara : inteligibil
clara : răspicat
clara : comprehensibil
clara : neted
clara : afirmație
clara : aievea
clarifica : lămuri
clarifica : dumeri
clarifica : edifica
clarifica : imediat
clarifica : văzut
clarificare : lămurire
clarificare : dumerire
clarificare : edificare
claritate : deslușire
claritate : limpezime
claritate : dezvăluie
claritate : puritate
claritate : inteligibilitate
claritate : limpiditate
claritate : celor
claritate : spuse
clasa : clasifica
clasa : plasa
clasa : situa
clasa : șaptelea
clasare : clasificare
clasare : plasare
clasare : situare
clasare : primul
clasicism : clasicitate
clasifica : ierarhiza
clasifica : elevii
clasifica : ordinea
clasificare : ierarhizare
clasificare : ordinea
clasificare : clasificație
clasificat : ierarhiza
clasificat : elevii
clasificat : ordinea
clasificație : clasificare
clastic : terigen
clasă : categorie
clasă : grupare
clasă : astăzi
clasă : parte
clasă : celor
claun : măscărici
claun : saltimbanc
claustral : mănăstiresc
claustral : monahal
clauză : condiție
clauză : dispoziție
clauză : prevedere
clauză : punct
clauză : stipulare
clauză : stipulație
clauză : termen
clavaria : spongie
clavaria : burete-de-mare
clavaria : spongier
clavaria : șponghie
clavaria : șters
clavaria : coralloides
clavaria : curălice
clavaria : meloșel
clavaria : opintici
clavaria : togmăgel
clavaria : barba-caprei
clavaria : laba-mâței
clavaria : rămurele
clavaria : pâinișoare
clavaria : flocoșel
clavaria : cibarius
clavaria : gălbinele
clavaria : gălbiori
clavaria : unghia-caprei
clavaria : cerbilor
clavaria : vulgare
clavaria : bășina-porcului
clavaria : ostreatus
clavaria : burete-șerpesc
clavaria : pălăria-șarpelui
clavaria : procera
clavatum : brădișor
clavatum : bunceag
clavatum : bunget
clavatum : cornățel
clavatum : cornișor
clavatum : barba-ursului
clavatum : brânca-ursului
clavatum : brâul-vântului
clavatum : brâușorul-vântului
clavatum : crucea-pământului
clavatum : iarba-ursului
clavatum : laba-lupului
clavatum : laba-ursului
clavatum : mușchi-de-pământ
clavatum : părul-porcului
clavatum : talpa-ursului
clavecin : cembalo
clavecin : clavicembal
claviatură : aparate
claviculă : puntea-umărului
claxonare : claxonat
clean : alboi
clean : porcul-apelor
clei : lipici
clei : prinde
clematis : mărgea
clematis : curpen-scurt
clematitis : clematitis
clematitis : lepădătoare
clematitis : fasolea-cioarei
clematitis : lingura-frumoaselor
clematitis : lingura-popii
clematitis : mărul-lupului
clement : indulgent
clement : îndurător
clement : îngăduitor
clemență : îndurare
clenci : gătej
clenci : încuietoare
clenci : măsea
clenci : surcea
cler : preoțime
cler : sacerdoțiu
cler : popime
cler : preoție
cleric : duhovnic
cleric : membru
clerical : ecleziastic
clerical : preoțesc
clerical : popesc
clevetnic : calomniator
clevetnic : clevetitor
clevetnic : defăimător
clevetnic : denigrator
clevetă : bârfire
clevetă : bârfit
clevetă : calomnie
clevetă : calomniere
clevetă : clevetire
clevetă : clevetit
clevetă : defăimare
clevetă : denigrare
clevetă : discreditare
clevetă : ponegrire
clește : crivea
clește : șurub
clește : teasc
clește : plăsele
clește : argea
clește : chingi
clește : mâni
clește : foarfece
clic : chicotire
clic : chicotit
clichet : boraciu
client : cumpărător
client : mușteriu
client : târguitor
clientelă : cumpărători
clientelă : mușterii
clima : climat
clima : vreme
clima : temperament
climateric : climatic
climateric : stațiune
climo : climat
climo : vreme
climo : temperament
climă : climat
climă : vreme
climă : temperament
clinopodium : gânj
clinopodium : somnișor
clinopodium : busuioc-de-câmp
clinopodium : busuiocul-cerbilor
clinopodium : polei
clinti : clăti
clinti : deplasa
clinti : mișca
clinti : sminti
clinti : vâșca
clinti : putut
clinti : piatra
clinti : locul
clintire : clătinare
clintire : deplasare
clintire : mișcare
clintire : mutare
clintire : urnire
clintire : clătire
clintit : clăti
clintit : deplasa
clintit : mișca
clintit : sminti
clintit : vâșca
clintit : putut
clintit : piatra
clintit : locul
clip : videoclip
clipeală : minut
clipeală : moment
clipesc : sclipi
clipesc : licări
clipesc : scăpăra
clipesc : scânteia
clipesc : străfulgera
clipi : sclipi
clipi : licări
clipi : scăpăra
clipi : scânteia
clipi : străfulgera
clipire : sclipi
clipire : licări
clipire : scăpăra
clipire : scânteia
clipire : străfulgera
clipit : sclipi
clipit : licări
clipit : scăpăra
clipit : scânteia
clipit : străfulgera
clipoci : murmura
clipoci : susura
clipoci : șopoti
clipoci : șopti
clipoci : șușoti
clipoci : șușui
clipoci : zgomota
clipoci : zuzui
clipoci : zvoni
clipoci : murmui
clipocire : clipocit
clipocire : murmur
clipocire : susur
clipocire : susurare
clipocire : șopot
clipocire : zuzet
clipocire : murmuit
clipocit : clipocire
clipocit : murmur
clipocit : susur
clipocit : susurare
clipocit : șopot
clipocit : zuzet
clipocit : murmuit
clironom : succesor
clironomie : patrimoniu
clismă : clistir
clismă : cuiva
clistir : irigator
clit : teanc
clitopilus : burete-de-spin
clitoris : lindic
clivaj : clivare
clișeu : comun
clișeu : șablon
clișeu : tipar
clișeu : scriitor
clișeu : folosește
clișeu : multe
cloci : bâhli
clocire : clocit
clocit : împuțit
clocit : răsuflat
clocit : stătut
clocit : trezit
clocit : mocnit
clocit : zăcut
clocit : băhnit
clocit : bâhlit
clocot : clocotire
clocot : fierbere
clocot : fiert
clocoti : fierbe
clocoti : undeza
clocoti : dezlănțui
clocotici : sunătoare
clocotici : coaiele-popii
clocoțel : mărgea
clocoțel : curpen-scurt
clombos : crenguros
clombos : ramificat
cloncănit : cloncănire
clonțos : gâlcevitor
clopot : harâng
clopoței : coada-cocoșului
clopoțel : zvonișor
clopoțel : timbru
clopoțel : campanule
clopoțel : baraboi
clopoțel : bănișori
clopoțel : clopotul-caprei
clopoțel : cupa-oii
clorbenzen : monoclorbenzen
clorizare : clorinare
clormetan : metil
cloroform : triclormetan
cloromicetină : cloramfenicol
cloromicetină : clorocid
clorpromazină : largactil
clorura : țipirig
clorura : clormetan
clorura : metilen
clorura : diclormetan
clorura : vinil
clorura : viniliden
clorura : corosiv
clorurare : clorurație
clorură : țipirig
clorură : clormetan
clorură : metilen
clorură : diclormetan
clorură : vinil
clorură : viniliden
clorură : corosiv
closet : ieșit
closet : cabinet
closet : umblătoare
closet : ieșitoare
closet : turcism
closet : cheneaf
clovn : măscărici
clovn : saltimbanc
clown : măscărici
clown : saltimbanc
clucer : jignicer
clupa : compas
clupa : forestier
clupa : perghel
clupă : compas
clupă : forestier
clupă : perghel
clăbuc : săpun
clăbuc : când
clăcaș : făcea
clăcaș : numea
clăcășesc : clăcui
clăcăși : clăcui
clăcășire : clăcui
clădiș : claie
clădiș : porcoi
clămpăneală : clămpănit
clămpăni : îndruga
clămpăni : pălăvrăgi
clămpănire : îndruga
clămpănire : pălăvrăgi
clănțăneală : clănțănire
clănțăneală : clănțănit
clănțăneală : dârdâit
clănțănit : clănțănire
clănțănit : dârdâit
clăpăug : atârnat
clăpăug : blegit
clăpăug : lăsat
clăpăug : pleoștit
clăpăug : blegoșat
clăpăug : bleonc
clăpăug : dăbălăzat
clăpăug : plecozat
clăpăug : bleojdit
clăpăug : urechile
clăti : limpezi
clăti : clătări
clăti : sudul
clăti : stropoli
clătina : mlădia
clătina : zdruncina
clătina : zgudui
clătina : vechile
clătina : mișca
clătinare : mișcare
clătinător : împiedicat
clătinător : împleticit
clătinător : nesigur
clătinător : poticnit
clătinător : șovăielnic
clătire : clătit
clătire : limpezire
clătire : limpezit
clătări : clăti
clătări : clătina
clătări : limpezi
clătări : zgudui
clătărire : clăti
clătărire : clătina
clătărire : limpezi
clătărire : zgudui
clătărit : clăti
clătărit : clătina
clătărit : limpezi
clătărit : zgudui
cnicus : scai-amar
cnicus : șofran-sălbatic
coabita : viețui
coabitare : coabitație
coabitare : conviețuire
coabitare : durat
coabitare : sfârșitul
coace : încinge
coace : înfierbânta
coace : stând
coace : fierbe
coace : opări
coace : firele
coace : colecta
coace : începe
coacere : maturație
coacere : maturitate
coacăz : păltinele
coacăz : ribizli
coacăz : rozinchin
coacăz : smorodin
coacăză : dârmoz
coacăză : drimoc
coacăză : răzăchie
coacăză : ribizli
coacăză : strugurei
coacăză : strugure-spinos
coacăză : păltinele
coadă : măsea
coadă : pipirig
coafa : friza
coafa : pieptăna
coafare : coafat
coafat : frizat
coafat : pieptănat
coafură : tunsoare
coafă : friza
coafă : pieptăna
coagulant : închegător
coajă : trunchi
coaliza : împotriva
coaliza : dușmanului
coalizare : împotriva
coalizare : dușmanului
coalizat : împotriva
coalizat : dușmanului
coamă : culme
coamă : acoperișului
coamă : muchie
coapsă : copan
coapsă : moiște
coapsă : țâmp
coapsă : chiciu
coapsă : foarte
coarbe : mănunchi
coarbe : sucala
coarbă : mănunchi
coarbă : sucala
coardă : punte
coardă : compasul
coardă : crâsnicul
coardă : apărătoare
coardă : gânj
coardă : proțapul
coardă : multe
coarne : coarnele
coase : petic
coasere : punere
coasere : petic
coastă : parte
coastă : întins
coasă : cosire
coasă : cosit
coasă : prima
cobai : pentru
cobe : moartea-găinilor
cobe : pentru
cobea : moartea-găinilor
cobea : pentru
cobi : soroci
cobiliță : pentru
cobiliță : cărat
cobilă : trăgătoare
cobilă : pentru
cobilă : transportat
cobilă : scaun
cobilă : înspițat
cobire : soroci
cobit : soroci
coblizan : lungan
coborâre : scoborâre
coborâre : timpul
coborâre : descindere
coborât : scăzut
coborât : redus
coborâtoare : descendent
coborâtoare : scoborâtor
coborâtor : descendent
coborâtor : scoborâtor
coborî : scăpăta
coborî : dealul
coborî : treptele
coborî : sacul
coborî : descinde
coborî : deștinde
coborî : scădea
coborî : slăbi
cobra : șarpe-cu-ochelari
cobră : șarpe-cu-ochelari
cobâlțâi : clătina
cobâlțâi : scutura
cobâlțâire : clătina
cobâlțâire : scutura
cobâlțâit : clătina
cobâlțâit : scutura
cobârlui : răscoli
cobârlui : scormoni
cobârlui : scotoci
cobârluire : răscoli
cobârluire : scormoni
cobârluire : scotoci
cobârluit : răscoli
cobârluit : scormoni
cobârluit : scotoci
coc : moțoc
coc : conci
coc : cucui
coc : vârful
coca : lipici
coca : lipesc
coca : unele
coca : obiecte
coccinia : curcubețea
coccothraustes : coccothraustes
coccothraustes : puigros
coccothraustes : clonțar
coccothraustes : sâmburar
coccothraustes : cioc-gros
cocea : încinge
cocea : înfierbânta
cocea : stând
cocea : fierbe
cocea : opări
cocea : firele
cocea : colecta
cocea : începe
cocean : cotor
cochilie : șirag
cochilă : cochilie
cochilă : tipar
cochilă : metalic
cocină : porcărie
cociobăi : răscoli
cociobăi : scormoni
cociobăi : scotoci
cociobăire : răscoli
cociobăire : scormoni
cociobăire : scotoci
cociobăit : răscoli
cociobăit : scormoni
cociobăit : scotoci
cocioc : plutitoare
cocioc : ostrov
cocioc : plaur
cociorvei : drâglu
cociorvei : jeruitor
cociorvei : jarul
cociorvei : cuptorul
cociorvă : drâglu
cociorvă : jeruitor
cociorvă : jarul
cociorvă : cuptorul
cociș : surugiu
cocleală : obiect
coclet : războiul
coclet : plasa
coclet : ițelor
coclet : căpriorii
coclete : războiul
coclete : plasa
coclete : ițelor
coclete : căpriorii
cocleț : războiul
cocleț : plasa
cocleț : ițelor
cocleț : căpriorii
coclire : oxidație
cocoașe : gibozitate
cocoașe : pupui
cocoașă : gibozitate
cocoașă : pupui
coconaș : domnișor
cocor : golie
cocor : gruie
cocotier : cocos
cocoș : adesea
cocoș : cucurigu
cocoș : pintenat
cocoș : cântător
cocoș : masculul
cocoș : cocoș-de-munte
cocoș : cocoș-sălbatic
cocoș : gotcan
cocoș : tarcan
cocoș : tătar
cocoș : pepenele
cocoș : scăpărătoare
cocoșar : brebeneag
cocoșar : sturz
cocoșar : munte
cocoșat : cifos
cocoșat : ghebos
cocoșat : gheboșat
cocoșei : măseaua-ciutei
cocoșel : stânjen
cocoșel : stânjenel
cocoșel : urlup
cocârla : bureciori
cocârla : bureți-de-pajiște
cocârla : mănunchi
cocârla : mâner
cocârla : picior
cocârla : coporâia
cocârla : vârtej
cocârlă : bureciori
cocârlă : bureți-de-pajiște
cocârlă : mănunchi
cocârlă : mâner
cocârlă : picior
cocârlă : coporâia
cocârlă : vârtej
cocă : lipici
cocă : lipesc
cocă : unele
cocă : obiecte
cocăi : lipici
cocăi : lipesc
cocăi : unele
cocăi : obiecte
cocăt : călduri
cocăt : dogoare
cocăt : năduf
cocăt : pârjol
cocăt : pojar
cocăt : zăduf
cocăzar : merișor
cod : codice
codalbă : prundar
codare : codaj
codelnic : fluctuant
codelnic : indecis
codelnic : nedecis
codelnic : oscilant
codelnic : șovăielnic
codicil : catastișel
codicil : răvășel
codificat : încifrat
codificat : secret
codificat : mesaj
codină : lâna
codină : calitate
codiriște : codie
codiriște : coada
codițucă : șoricel
codobatură : prundar
codobatură : bâțâitoare
codobatură : păstorel
codobatură : prundurel
codobatură : jumătate-de-pasăre
codobatură : ochiul-boului
codobatură : slujnica-cucului
codobelc : gastropod
codobâță : prundar
codroș : coadă-roșie
codârli : scotoci
codârlire : scotoci
codârlit : scotoci
codârlă : înfundătoare
codârlă : șușlete
codălat : codat
codălbiță : șofran
codălbiță : sfrancioc
codănel : băiețel
coechipier : partener
coeducație : educație
coenzimă : coferment
coercitiv : constrângător
coerciție : constrângere
coerent : închegat
coerent : sistematic
coerent : legat
coerent : strâns
coerulea : orologhion
coerulea : ornic
coerulea : cumpărat
coerulea : floarea-suferinței
coeruleum : peron
coeruleum : escalator
coeruleum : scaun
coeruleum : ursoaie
coeruleum : coșul
coeruleum : aparat
coeruleum : ierarhie
coeruleum : nivel
coeruleum : stare
coeruleum : strat
coeruleum : scara-doamnei
coeruleum : scăricea
coeruleum : scara-domnului
cofetar : turcism
cofetar : cichirgiu
cofeturi : dulciuri
cofeturi : zaharicale
cofeturi : zăhărele
cofeturi : grecism
cofeturi : zumaricale
cofeturi : mâncat
cofeturi : multe
cofiță : cofăiel
cofraj : tipar
cogeamite : invar
cogeamite : coșcogea
cogeamite : coșcogeamite
cohalm : câmpie
cohlee : canal
cohlee : cohlear
cohlee : membranos
coinac : buhai
coinac : crainic
coinac : făfălug
coinac : tăvălug
coinac : zăvor
coinac : cântarul
coinac : pietrelor
coincide : încăleca
coincide : suprapune
coincide : celor
coincidență : potrivire
coincidere : încăleca
coincidere : suprapune
coincidere : celor
coiot : lupul-preriilor
coiot : specie
coji : descoji
coji : jupui
coji : despuia
coji : scorțăli
coji : măzga
coji : trunchiul
coji : coșcovi
coji : scoroji
coji : scofâlci
cojire : descojire
cojire : legume
cojire : jupuire
cojire : trunchiului
cojire : burdușire
cojire : coșcovire
cojire : scorojire
cojire : scofâlcire
cojit : descojit
cojit : jupuit
cojit : burdușit
cojit : coșcov
cojit : scorojit
cojit : scofâlcit
cojit : perete
cojocar : suciu
cojocărie : sucie
cojocărie : învățat
col : cervix
colabora : conlucra
colabora : coopera
colabora : multiple
colabora : scrie
colaborare : conlucrare
colaborare : cooperare
colaborare : cooperație
colaborare : între
colaborator : conlucrător
colaborator : foarte
colaj : papier
colant : strâmt
colaționa : posledui
colaționare : posledui
colaționat : posledui
colchicum : brândușei
colchicum : ghicitori
colchicum : ceapa-ciorii
colchicum : floarea-brumei
colchicum : ruscea
colchicum : heuffelianus
colchicum : mițuvele
colchicum : șofran
colchicum : șofrănel
colchicum : șofran-vărgat
colchicum : șofran-galben
colcotos : clocotitor
colcotos : frământat
colcotos : fremătător
colcotos : învolburat
colcotos : tulburat
colcotos : tumultuos
colecta : aduna
colecta : strânge
colecta : laptele
colectare : adunare
colectare : strângere
colectare : strâns
colectare : laptelui
colectat : aduna
colectat : strânge
colectat : laptele
colectivitate : comunitate
colectivitate : obște
colectivitate : societate
colectivitate : obștime
colectivitate : întregii
colectivitate : statistic
colectivitate : ansamblu
colectivitate : populație
coleg : camarad
colegial : camaraderesc
colegial : tovărășesc
colegial : camaraderește
colegial : tovărășește
colegialitate : camaraderie
colet : pachet
colet : primit
coleus : govie
coleus : mireasa
coleus : urzici
colgiu : percepție
colgiu : jandarm
colibă : bordei
colibă : locuia
colică : spasm
colică : apucat
colică : mătrice
colică : strâns
colică : strânsoare
colilie : părul-zânelor
colind : colindare
colind : colindat
colinda : cutreiera
colinda : merge
colinda : străbate
colinda : umbla
colinda : plimba
colinda : plimbarisi
colindeț : colacul
colindă : cutreiera
colindă : merge
colindă : străbate
colindă : umbla
colindă : plimba
colindă : plimbarisi
colindător : urător
colină : delușor
colină : colnic
colivie : pentru
coliziune : izbire
coliziune : lovire
colmatare : colmataj
colnic : delușor
coloană : șira
coloană : spinării
coloană : spatelor
coloană : greabănul
coloană : șirag
coloană : reactor
coloană : catalitic
colocviu : convorbire
colocviu : dialog
colofoniu : pentru
coloidal : coloid
colonel : oberst
colonel : oberșter
colonel : polcovnic
colonel : obicei
coloneleasă : soția
colonia : posesiune
colonia : slobozie
coloniale : băcănii
coloniale : grecism
coloniale : bacalica
colonie : posesiune
colonie : slobozie
colonist : colon
colonist : teritoriu
coloniza : așeza
coloniza : locui
colonizare : așeza
colonizare : locui
colonizat : așeza
colonizat : locui
color : invar
colorit : colorație
colorit : frumos
colos : arătare
colos : măgăoaie
colos : nămetenie
colos : bahahuie
colos : sodom
colos : toate
colos : mamut
colos : mastodont
colosal : extraordinar
colosal : pantagruelic
colosal : devorant
colosal : foame
colt : cotlon
colt : ungher
colt : unghi
colt : dinte
colt : măsea
colt : talpa
colt : colțul-babei
colt : păduchele-calului
colt : păduchele-elefantului
coltan : cornaci
coltuc : puișor
columna : stâlp
columnă : stâlp
colutea : galben
colvă : ciomag
colăcar : chemător
colăcar : conăcar
colăcar : crainic
colăcar : pocânzeu
colăcar : vătășel
colăcar : vestitor
colăcar : vornic
colăcar : vornicel
colăcar : însoțesc
colăcar : ginere
colăcar : nunțile
colăcărie : orație
colăcărie : conăcărie
colț : cotlon
colț : ungher
colț : unghi
colț : dinte
colț : măsea
colț : talpa
colț : colțul-babei
colț : păduchele-calului
colț : păduchele-elefantului
colțan : cornaci
colțar : cornurar
colțar : numit
colți : cotlon
colți : ungher
colți : unghi
colți : dinte
colți : măsea
colți : talpa
colți : colțul-babei
colți : păduchele-calului
colți : păduchele-elefantului
colțișor : motiv
colțos : colțat
colțos : obiect
colțunaș : preparat
colțuri : cotlon
colțuri : ungher
colțuri : unghi
colțuri : dinte
colțuri : măsea
colțuri : talpa
colțuri : colțul-babei
colțuri : păduchele-calului
colțuri : păduchele-elefantului
colțuros : nerotunjit
colțuros : încolțat
colțuros : colțurat
colțuros : unghiular
colțuros : curte
comanda : controla
comanda : regla
comanda : sistem
comandament : imperativ
comandament : necesitate
comandament : nevoie
comandament : obligație
comandament : pretenție
comandant : căpetenie
comandant : conducător
comandant : mai-mare
comandant : călăuz
comandant : căpitan
comandant : comandir
comandant : nacealnic
comandant : povățuitor
comandant : proprietar
comandant : tocmitor
comandant : vârhovnic
comandant : voievod
comandant : latinism
comandant : prepozit
comandare : controla
comandare : regla
comandare : sistem
comandat : controla
comandat : regla
comandat : sistem
comandir : căpetenie
comandir : comandant
comandir : conducător
comandir : mai-mare
comandirovcă : cercetare
comando : conducere
comando : șefie
comando : povățuire
comando : control
comando : reglaj
comando : sistem
comandă : conducere
comandă : șefie
comandă : povățuire
comandă : control
comandă : reglaj
comandă : sistem
comarnic : celar
comarnic : pătul
comarnic : cașul
comasa : concentra
comasa : grupa
comasare : concentrare
comasare : grupare
comasat : concentra
comasat : grupa
comatus : buretele-calului
comatus : căciula-șerpelui
combat : lupta
combatant : luptător
combatant : foștilor
combate : lupta
combatere : lupta
combativ : critic
combativ : polemic
combinație : compus
combiner : combainist
combiner : conduce
combinezon : furou
combinezon : mătase
combustie : întreține
combătut : lupta
comedian : comic
comedian : comediant
comedie : bizarerie
comedie : bâzdâganie
comedie : ciudățenie
comedie : curiozitate
comedie : drăcie
comedie : drăcovenie
comedie : minunăție
comedie : năstrușnicie
comedie : năzdrăvănie
comedie : pățanie
comedio : bizarerie
comedio : bâzdâganie
comedio : ciudățenie
comedio : curiozitate
comedio : drăcie
comedio : drăcovenie
comedio : minunăție
comedio : năstrușnicie
comedio : năzdrăvănie
comedio : pățanie
comedon : punct
comemora : sărbători
comemora : serba
comemorare : sărbătorire
comemorare : serbare
comemorare : comemorație
comemorare : eveniment
comemorat : sărbători
comemorat : serba
comemorativ : memorial
comemorație : sărbătorire
comentariu : explicație
comentariu : tâlc
comentator : interpret
comentator : tălmăcitor
comentator : tâlcuitor
comentator : prezentator
comenzi : conducere
comenzi : șefie
comenzi : povățuire
comenzi : control
comenzi : reglaj
comenzi : sistem
comercial : negustoresc
comercial : mercantil
comerciant : negustor
comerciant : sfârnar
comerciant : târguitor
comerciant : negociant
comerciant : negociator
comerciant : privătar
comerț : negustorie
comerț : prăvălie
comerț : sfârnărie
comerț : turcism
comerț : ocupa
comesean : conviv
comesean : comensal
comestibil : mâncabil
comestibil : fruct
comic : caraghios
comic : hazliu
comis : făptui
comis : plini
comisariat : secție
comisariat : anunțat
comisariat : furtul
comision : provizion
comisură : colțul
comisură : gurii
comitat : district
comitat : varmeghie
comitat : turcism
comite : făptui
comite : plini
comitere : facere
comitere : făptuire
comitere : săvârșire
comită : făptui
comită : plini
commelina : focșor
commelina : gonitoare
commelina : ochișor
commelina : scânteie
commelina : buruiana-bureților
commelina : soponelul-calului
commelina : atârnătoare
commelina : cheița-raiului
communis : păduche
communis : bătucel
communis : cârcel
communis : țeche
communis : muscă-de-cal
communis : ricin
commutatus : armurar
commutatus : rostogol
commutatus : scaiete
commutatus : măciuca-ciobanului
comoară : tezaur
comod : confortabil
comod : îndemânos
comod : îndemânatic
comod : fotoliu
comod : așezi
comod : lesnicios
comod : practic
comod : soluție
comod : lesne
comod : ușor
comod : liniștit
comod : tihnit
comoditate : confort
comoditate : liniște
comoditate : scoate
comoditate : vieții
comosa : amărăciune
comosum : arpagic
comosum : orceag
comosum : puiac
comosum : nord-vestul
comosum : floarea-viorelei
comosum : cepșoare
comosum : ceapa-câinelui
comosus : cimbrișor
comosus : novae-angliae
comosus : vinețele
comosus : salbă-moale
comoștenitor : coerede
compact : strâns
compact : rânduri
compara : confrunta
compara : protocoli
compara : semui
compara : între
compara : apropia
compara : asemăna
compara : asemui
compara : semălui
compara : bărăbări
compara : măsura
comparat : confrunta
comparat : protocoli
comparat : semui
comparat : între
comparat : apropia
comparat : asemăna
comparat : asemui
comparat : semălui
comparat : bărăbări
comparat : măsura
comparativism : comparatism
comparație : comparare
comparație : confruntare
comparație : paralelism
comparație : convingătoare
comparație : între
compartiment : despărțire
compartiment : despărțământ
compartiment : franțuzism
compartiment : într-un
compartiment : cupeu
compartiment : vagon
compartimenta : separa
compartimenta : spații
compartimentare : separa
compartimentare : spații
compartimentat : separa
compartimentat : spații
compas : circumferențiar
compas : pentru
compas : trasat
compas : pasnic
compas : pășari
compas : țărcălan
compatriot : conațional
compatriot : concetățean
compatriot : patriot
compatriot : simpatriot
compendiu : conspect
compensa : echilibra
compensa : contrabalansa
compensa : cumpăni
compensa : precumpăni
compensa : pondera
compensare : echilibrare
compensare : celor
compensat : echilibra
compensat : contrabalansa
compensat : cumpăni
compensat : precumpăni
compensat : pondera
compensație : compensare
compensație : daune
competent : capabil
competent : destoinic
competent : dotat
competent : experimentat
competent : cercat
competent : înzestrat
competent : pregătit
competent : priceput
competent : valoros
competent : versat
competent : vrednic
competent : preparat
competent : harnic
competent : ispitit
competent : mândru
competent : practic
competent : practicos
competent : practisit
competent : putincios
competent : inginer
compila : izvodi
compila : clasici
compila : opera
compilat : izvodi
compilat : clasici
compilat : opera
compilație : compilare
complement : obiect
complement : procesul
complet : întreg
complet : cantitate
complet : integral
completa : plini
completa : întregi
completa : rotunji
completa : complini
completa : încheia
completa : pâna
completare : împlinire
completare : întregire
completare : rotunjire
completare : complinire
completare : sumei
completare : concr
completare : complement
completare : adăugat
completat : împlinit
completat : întregit
completat : rotunjit
complex : multilateral
complex : plurivalent
complex : polivalent
complex : plural
complex : plurilateral
complex : polilateral
complex : multitudine
complexa : multilateral
complexa : plurivalent
complexa : polivalent
complexa : plural
complexa : plurilateral
complexa : polilateral
complexa : multitudine
complexitate : multilateralitate
complezent : binevoitor
complezent : îndatoritor
complica : încâlci
complica : încurca
complicare : încâlcire
complicare : încurcare
complicat : încâlcit
complicat : încurcat
complicat : întortocheat
complicat : sinuos
complicat : rezolvare
complicat : dificil
complice : ajutător
complice : săvârșirea
compliment : flatare
compliment : măgulire
compliment : sensibil
compliment : salutări
compliment : partea
complimenta : flata
complimenta : măguli
complimentare : flatare
complimentare : măgulire
complimentare : orgoliului
complimentat : flata
complimentat : măguli
complini : determina
complinire : determinare
complinit : determina
complinitor : întregitor
complinitor : subsidiar
complot : conjurație
complot : conspirație
complot : mașinație
complot : uneltire
complot : meșteșug
complot : meșteșugire
complot : măiestrie
complota : conjura
complota : conspira
complota : unelti
complota : intriga
complota : mașina
complota : măiestri
complota : mreji
complota : zavistui
complota : lucra
complota : țese
complota : împleti
complota : împotriva
complotare : conjura
complotare : conspira
complotare : unelti
complotare : intriga
complotare : mașina
complotare : măiestri
complotare : mreji
complotare : zavistui
complotare : lucra
complotare : țese
complotare : împleti
complotare : împotriva
complotist : conspirator
complotist : conjurat
complotist : uneltitor
complotist : urzitor
component : alcătuitor
component : constituent
component : constitutiv
component : formativ
component : structural
component : compozant
component : compunător
component : titular
component : echipei
componență : alcătuire
componență : compoziție
componență : următoarea
comporta : purta
comportament : comportare
comportament : deprindere
comportament : maniere
comportament : moravuri
comportament : năravuri
comportament : obiceiuri
comportament : purtare
comportament : turcism
comportamentism : behaviorism
comportamentist : behaviorist
comportare : comportament
comportare : purtare
comportare : purtat
comportare : umblet
comportare : petrecere
comportare : politie
comportare : deprindere
comportare : maniere
comportare : moravuri
comportare : năravuri
comportare : obiceiuri
comportare : turcism
comportare : aceste
comportare : atitudine
comportat : purta
composta : găuri
composta : perfora
composta : bilet
compostare : găurire
compostare : perforare
compostare : bilet
compostat : găuri
compostat : perfora
compostat : bilet
compostor : perforator
compostor : pentru
compostor : biletele
compozant : component
compozant : constituent
compozant : constitutiv
compozee : compozit
compozit : heteroclit
compozit : ansamblu
compozit : compozee
compozite : heteroclit
compozite : ansamblu
compozite : compozee
compozitor : componist
compozitor : muzicant
compozită : heteroclit
compozită : ansamblu
compozită : compozee
compoziție : partițiune
compoziție : înmânat
compoziție : pentru
comprehensibil : deslușit
comprehensibil : explicit
comprehensibil : expres
comprehensibil : inteligibil
comprehensibil : lămurit
comprehensibil : limpede
comprehensibil : precis
compresa : plasture
compresa : regiunea
compresibil : comprimabil
compresiune : comprimare
compresă : plasture
compresă : regiunea
comprimabil : compresibil
comprimabil : fluid
comprimare : compresiune
comprimat : prescurtat
comprimat : redus
comprimat : rezumat
compromis : concesie
compromite : discredita
compromite : pierde
compromite : putea
compromite : cauza
compromite : periclita
compromite : primejdui
compromitere : discredit
compromitere : cauze
compromitere : periclitare
compromitere : primejduire
compromitere : recoltei
compromițător : degradant
compromițător : dezonorant
compromițător : infamant
compromițător : înjositor
compromițător : nedemn
compromițător : rușinos
compromițător : difamant
compromițător : degradator
compromițător : necinstitor
compromițător : pierzător
compromițător : ~oare
compromițător : pentru
compune : alcătui
compune : constitui
compune : forma
compune : întocmi
compune : înforma
compune : consta
compunere : concr
compunere : compoziție
compunere : pentru
compunător : component
compunător : constituent
compunător : constitutiv
compus : combinat
compus : heterociclic
compus : heterociclu
comput : calcul
computer : ordinator
computer : calculator
computer : electronic
compătimi : căina
compătimi : plânge
compătimi : deplora
compătimi : tângui
compătimi : sărăci
compătimi : șăinăli
compătimi : jelui
compătimi : pentru
compătimi : situația
compătimire : compasiune
compătimire : franțuzism
compătimire : comizerație
compătimire : pentru
compătimit : căina
compătimit : plânge
compătimit : deplora
compătimit : tângui
compătimit : sărăci
compătimit : șăinăli
compătimit : jelui
compătimit : pentru
compătimit : situația
compătimitor : binevoitor
compătimitor : îngăduitor
compătimitor : înțelegător
compătimitor : mărinimos
compătimitor : milos
compătimitor : milostiv
compătimitor : milosârd
compătimitor : priincios
compătimitor : priitor
compătimitor : arătat
compătimitor : nevoile
comun : ieșit
comun : apelativ
comun : obișnuit
comun : mediocru
comun : mijlociu
comun : potrivit
comun : grosolan
comun : ordinar
comun : banal
comun : neoriginal
comun : ieftin
comun : procedeu
comun : stilistic
comun : neînsemnat
comun : sărac
comun : pictorului
comun : uimitor
comun : prost
comun : prostesc
comun : lucruri
comun : numai
comunica : informa
comunica : vesti
comunica : semnaliza
comunica : știrici
comunica : trebuie
comunicare : concr
comunicare : încunoștințare
comunicare : înștiințare
comunicare : mesaj
comunicare : primit
comunicare : informație
comunicare : știre
comunicare : veste
comunicat : informa
comunicat : vesti
comunicat : semnaliza
comunicat : știrici
comunicat : trebuie
comunicație : restabilit
comunicație : între
comunism : bolșevism
comunism : utopic
comunism : socialism
comunist : bolșevic
comunist : pecerist
comuniza : bolșeviza
comunizare : bolșevizare
comunizat : bolșeviza
comună : ieșit
comună : apelativ
comună : obișnuit
comună : mediocru
comună : mijlociu
comună : potrivit
comună : grosolan
comună : ordinar
comună : banal
comună : neoriginal
comună : ieftin
comună : procedeu
comună : stilistic
comună : neînsemnat
comună : sărac
comună : pictorului
comună : uimitor
comună : prost
comună : prostesc
comună : lucruri
comună : numai
comutație : comutare
con : agestru
con : cocean
con : cucuruz
con : păpușoi
con : vegetativ
con : vârf
con : ceramic
conac : curte
concede : admite
concede : aproba
concede : concesiona
concede : îndupleca
concede : îngădui
concede : învoi
concede : lăsa
concede : permite
concedere : admite
concedere : aproba
concedere : concesiona
concedere : îndupleca
concedere : îngădui
concedere : învoi
concedere : lăsa
concedere : permite
concedia : îndepărta
concedia : scoate
concedia : slobozi
concedia : grecism
concedia : exoflisi
concedia : disponibiliza
concedia : parte
concediat : îndepărta
concediat : scoate
concediat : slobozi
concediat : grecism
concediat : exoflisi
concediat : disponibiliza
concediat : parte
concediere : îndepărtare
concediere : scoatere
concediere : disponibilizare
concediu : săbășag
concediu : slobozenie
concediu : pleci
conceni : extermina
conceni : masacra
conceni : măcelări
conceni : nimici
conceni : prăpădi
concenie : final
concenie : încheiere
concenire : extermina
concenire : masacra
concenire : măcelări
concenire : nimici
concenire : prăpădi
concenit : extermina
concenit : masacra
concenit : măcelări
concenit : nimici
concenit : prăpădi
concentra : flancul
concentra : încorda
concentra : pentru
concentra : urmări
concentra : focaliza
concentra : polariza
concentra : atenția
concentrare : masare
concentrare : greviștilor
concentrare : încordare
concentrare : îmbogățire
concentrare : mineral
concentrat : încordat
concentrat : cuiva
concepe : gândi
concepe : imagina
concepe : închipui
concepe : vedea
concepe : realizarea
concepe : acelui
concepe : înțelege
concepe : pricepe
concepe : întâmplat
concepe : procrea
concepe : prinde
concepe : zămisli
concepe : prăsi
concepe : polimi
concepe : începe
concepe : îngreca
concepe : plămădi
concepe : naște
concepe : bărbat
conceput : gândi
conceput : imagina
conceput : închipui
conceput : vedea
conceput : realizarea
conceput : acelui
conceput : înțelege
conceput : pricepe
conceput : întâmplat
conceput : procrea
conceput : prinde
conceput : zămisli
conceput : prăsi
conceput : polimi
conceput : începe
conceput : îngreca
conceput : plămădi
conceput : naște
conceput : bărbat
concepție : convingere
concepție : gând
concepție : opinie
concepție : orientare
concepție : părere
concepție : principiu
concepție : vedere
concepție : viziune
concepție : convicțiune
concepție : niște
concepție : teorie
concepție : concepere
concepție : procreare
concepție : zămislire
concert : armonie
concert : împăciuire
concert : înțelegere
concesie : favoare
concesiona : concede
concesionar : contracciu
concesionare : concede
concesionat : concede
concesiv : indulgent
concesiv : îngăduitor
concesiv : tolerant
concesiv : răbdător
concesivă : indulgent
concesivă : îngăduitor
concesivă : tolerant
concesivă : răbdător
conchema : convoca
conchetă : luare
conchetă : ocupare
conchide : încheia
conchide : concluziona
conchidere : încheia
conchidere : concluziona
conchis : încheia
conchis : concluziona
concis : concentrat
concis : laconic
concis : lapidar
concis : scurt
concis : succint
concis : rezumător
concis : strâns
concis : telegrafic
concis : expunere
concizie : concentrare
concizie : laconicitate
concizie : laconism
concizie : lapidaritate
concizie : scurtime
concizie : stilului
concluzie : încheiere
concluzie : concluzie
concluziona : încheia
concluzionare : încheia
concolor : invar
concolor : cuguar
concolor : tigru
concomitent : coexistent
concomitent : paralel
concomitent : simultan
concomitent : sincron
concomitent : sincronic
concomitent : începem
concomitență : paralelism
concomitență : simultaneitate
concomitență : sincronism
concomitență : desfășurării
concorda : corespunde
concorda : potrivi
concorda : știmui
concorda : conglăsui
concorda : consuna
concorda : obținute
concorda : între
concordant : coincident
concordant : corespunzător
concordant : echivalent
concordant : congruent
concordant : consunant
concordant : armonios
concordant : echilibrat
concordant : proporționat
concordant : regulat
concordant : simetric
concordant : ansamblu
concordanță : potrivire
concordanță : acord
concordanță : conformitate
concordanță : între
concordanță : elementele
concordare : corespunde
concordare : potrivi
concordare : știmui
concordare : conglăsui
concordare : consuna
concordare : obținute
concordare : între
concordat : corespunde
concordat : potrivi
concordat : știmui
concordat : conglăsui
concordat : consuna
concordat : obținute
concordat : între
concordia : armonie
concordia : împăciuire
concordia : înțelegere
concordie : armonie
concordie : împăciuire
concordie : înțelegere
concrescut : concrescent
concret : fizic
concret : material
concret : palpabil
concret : perceptibil
concret : pipăibil
concret : sesizabil
concret : pipăit
concret : tangibil
concret : pipăicios
concret : pipăitor
concret : pusăitor
concret : lucru
concret : determinat
concret : precis
concret : câteva
concret : fapte
concret : pentru
concret : putea
concret : găsi
concretiza : incarna
concretiza : întruchipa
concretiza : întrupa
concretiza : materializa
concretiza : realiza
concretiza : sensibiliza
concretiza : acest
concretizare : incarnare
concretizare : întruchipare
concretizare : întrupare
concretizare : materializare
concretizare : realizare
concretizare : sensibilizare
concretizat : incarna
concretizat : întruchipa
concretizat : întrupa
concretizat : materializa
concretizat : realiza
concretizat : sensibiliza
concretizat : acest
concubinaj : țiitorie
concupiscent : luxurios
concupiscență : persoane
concura : rivaliza
concura : poate
concura : concura
concurare : rivaliza
concurare : poate
concurare : concura
concurat : rivaliza
concurat : poate
concurat : concura
concurent : rival
concurent : cuiva
concurent : câmpul
concurențial : competitiv
concurență : între
concurență : rivalitate
concurență : multe
concurență : emulație
concurență : întrecere
concurs : competiție
concurs : întrecere
concurs : ajutor
concurs : contribuție
concurs : sprijin
condac : margine
condac : mâner
condac : pervaz
condamna : osândi
condamna : pedepsi
condamna : judeca
condamna : bintătui
condamna : certa
condamna : oblici
condamnabil : blamabil
condamnabil : criticabil
condamnabil : neîngăduit
condamnabil : neonorabil
condamnabil : nepermis
condamnabil : regretabil
condamnabil : reprobabil
condamnabil : rușinos
condamnabil : vinovat
condamnabil : reprehensibil
condamnabil : ocarnic
condamnabil : ocărâtor
condamnabil : rușinător
condamnare : pedepsire
condamnare : certare
condamnare : oblicire
condamnare : cuiva
condamnare : ștraf
condamnare : pedepsie
condamnare : pilduire
condamnare : ispășit
condamnare : întreaga
condamnat : osândit
condamnat : pedepsit
condamnat : certat
condamnat : deținut
condamnat : pensionar
condei : plumb
condei : scria
condei : scris
condeier : litere
condensa : prescurta
condensa : reduce
condensa : rezuma
condensare : prescurtare
condensare : reducere
condensat : prescurtat
condensat : redus
condensat : rezumat
condescendență : atenție
condescendență : cinste
condescendență : cinstire
condescendență : considerație
condescendență : onoare
condescendență : prețuire
condescendență : respect
condescendență : trecere
condicar : înregistrator
condică : catastif
condică : registru
condică : carte
condică : protocol
condică : defter
condică : izvod
condică : tartaj
condică : terfelog
condică : turcism
condică : tefter
condiment : aromat
condiment : ingredient
condiment : mirodenie
condiment : băcănii
condiment : miroase
condiment : mirodie
condiment : spițerie
condimentat : picant
condimentat : piperat
condimentat : papricat
condimentat : mâncare
condiție : situație
condiție : poziție
condiție : stare
condiție : obraz
condiție : prindoare
condiționa : determina
condiționa : producerea
condiționare : determinare
condiționat : determina
condiționat : producerea
condriom : condriozom
condropterigian : cartilaginos
conduce : cârmui
conduce : dirigui
conduce : domni
conduce : guverna
conduce : stăpâni
conduce : oblădui
conduce : birui
conduce : chivernisi
conduce : ocârmui
conduce : povățui
conducere : cârmuire
conducere : diriguire
conducere : domnie
conducere : guvernare
conducere : stăpânire
conducere : oblăduire
conducere : chivernisire
conducere : ocârmuire
conducere : purtare
conducere : purtat
conducere : stăpânie
conducere : vlădicie
conducere : țării
conducere : vremea
conducere : direcție
conducere : șefie
conducere : concr
conduct : canal
conduct : auditiv
conducător : cârmuitor
conducător : domnitor
conducător : monarh
conducător : stăpânitor
conducător : suveran
conducător : voievod
conducător : astăzi
conducător : oblăduitor
conducător : biruitor
conducător : gospodar
conducător : gospodin
conducător : ocârmuitor
conducător : purtător
conducător : cârmaci
conducător : marele
conducător : guvernator
conducător : turcism
conducător : zabet
conducător : diriguitor
conducător : principal
conducător : mișcării
conducător : ștab
conducător : vătaf
conducător : staroste
conducător : breslei
conducător : căpetenie
conducător : șofer
conduită : comportament
conduită : comportare
conduită : purtare
conduită : purtat
conduită : umblet
conduită : petrecere
conduită : politie
condur : trecut
condur : femeile
condur : purtau
condur : picioare
condus : cârmui
condus : dirigui
condus : domni
condus : guverna
condus : stăpâni
condus : oblădui
condus : birui
condus : chivernisi
condus : ocârmui
condus : povățui
conectare : conexiune
conectare : rețea
conexa : reuni
conexa : pricini
conexa : pentru
conexa : soluție
conexare : reuni
conexare : pricini
conexare : pentru
conexare : soluție
conexat : reuni
conexat : pricini
conexat : pentru
conexat : soluție
conexitate : corelație
conexitate : înlănțuire
conexitate : raport
conexiune : conexiune
conexiune : feedback
conexiune : retroacțiune
conexiune : aferentație
coneț : final
coneț : încheiere
confecționa : executa
confecționa : fabrica
confecționa : produce
confecționa : obiecte
confecționare : confecție
confecționare : executare
confecționare : fabricare
confecționare : facere
confecționare : făcut
confecționare : producere
confecționat : executa
confecționat : fabrica
confecționat : produce
confecționat : obiecte
confer : acorda
confer : atribui
confer : decerna
confer : deferi
confer : cuiva
conferenția : vorbi
conferenția : prelege
conferențiar : orator
conferențiar : vorbitor
conferențiar : cuvântător
conferențiere : vorbi
conferențiere : prelege
conferi : acorda
conferi : atribui
conferi : decerna
conferi : deferi
conferi : cuiva
conferință : cuvânt
conferință : prelegere
conferință : vorbitorul
conferire : acordare
conferire : atribuire
conferire : decernare
conferit : acorda
conferit : atribui
conferit : decerna
conferit : deferi
conferit : cuiva
confia : declara
confia : destăinui
confia : dezvălui
confia : divulga
confia : înmâna
confia : întinde
confia : lăsa
confia : mărturisi
confia : preda
confia : remite
confia : revela
confia : spovedi
confia : spune
confiat : declara
confiat : destăinui
confiat : dezvălui
confiat : divulga
confiat : înmâna
confiat : întinde
confiat : lăsa
confiat : mărturisi
confiat : preda
confiat : remite
confiat : revela
confiat : spovedi
confiat : spune
confident : intim
confident : tainic
confident : gândurilor
confidențial : intim
confidențial : particular
confidențial : particularnic
confiere : declara
confiere : destăinui
confiere : dezvălui
confiere : divulga
confiere : înmâna
confiere : întinde
confiere : lăsa
confiere : mărturisi
confiere : preda
confiere : remite
confiere : revela
confiere : spovedi
confiere : spune
configura : contura
configura : profila
configura : structura
configura : într-un
configura : anumit
configurare : contura
configurare : profila
configurare : structura
configurare : într-un
configurare : anumit
configurat : contura
configurat : profila
configurat : structura
configurat : într-un
configurat : anumit
configurație : aspect
configurație : conformație
configurație : fizionomie
configurație : înfățișare
configurație : profil
confinii : hotar
confirma : adeveri
confirma : arăta
confirma : atesta
confirma : certifica
confirma : demonstra
confirma : dovedi
confirma : întări
confirma : mărturi
confirma : proba
confirma : sprijini
confirma : stabili
confirma : susține
confirma : corobora
confirma : probălui
confirma : probui
confirma : sacra
confirma : ratifica
confirma : sancționa
confirma : valida
confirma : aceste
confirma : recunoaște
confirmand : adeveri
confirmand : arăta
confirmand : atesta
confirmand : certifica
confirmand : demonstra
confirmand : dovedi
confirmand : întări
confirmand : mărturi
confirmand : proba
confirmand : sprijini
confirmand : stabili
confirmand : susține
confirmand : corobora
confirmand : probălui
confirmand : probui
confirmand : sacra
confirmand : ratifica
confirmand : sancționa
confirmand : valida
confirmand : aceste
confirmand : recunoaște
confirmare : adeverire
confirmare : arătare
confirmare : atestare
confirmare : certificare
confirmare : demonstrare
confirmare : demonstrație
confirmare : dovedire
confirmare : întărire
confirmare : probare
confirmare : coroborare
confirmare : celor
confirmare : sacrare
confirmare : consfințire
confirmare : ratificare
confirmare : sancționare
confirmare : sancțiune
confirmare : validare
confirmare : recunoaștere
confirmat : consacrat
confirmat : consfințit
confirmat : întărit
confirmat : ratificat
confirmat : sancționat
confirmat : validat
confisca : sechestra
confisca : zeberi
confiscare : luare
confiscare : sechestrare
confiscare : averii
confiscat : sechestra
confiscat : zeberi
confluență : răscruce
conform : identic
conform : potrivit
conform : lucrat
conforma : asculta
conforma : supune
conforma : ordinelor
conformare : asculta
conformare : supune
conformare : ordinelor
conformat : asculta
conformat : supune
conformat : ordinelor
conformație : constituție
conformație : fizic
conformație : temperament
conformism : rigorism
confort : comoditate
confort : liniște
confort : vieții
confunda : asemăna
confunda : semui
confunda : încurca
confundare : contopire
confundare : intereselor
confundat : asemăna
confundat : semui
confundat : încurca
confuz : difuz
confuz : echivoc
confuz : haotic
confuz : imprecis
confuz : indefinit
confuz : încâlcit
confuz : încurcat
confuz : neclar
confuz : nedefinit
confuz : nedeslușit
confuz : neînțeles
confuz : nelămurit
confuz : neprecis
confuz : obscur
confuz : tulbure
confuz : întunecat
confuz : nebulos
confuz : neguros
confuz : situație
confuz : îngăimător
confuz : neauzit
confuz : abscons
confuz : semnificație
confuzie : halima
confuzie : produs
confuzie : imprecizie
confuzie : neclaritate
confuzie : nelămurire
confuzie : neprecizie
confuzie : obscuritate
confuzie : nebulozitate
congelare : înghețare
congelat : înghețat
congelator : refrigerator
congelator : pentru
congestiona : aprinde
congestionare : congestie
congestionare : înroșire
congestionare : aprindere
congestionat : înroșit
congestionat : aprins
conglomerat : conglomerație
conglomeratus : mucegai
conglomeratus : rodie
conglomeratus : plantelor
conglomeratus : inflexus
conglomeratus : țipirig
conglomeratus : iarba-mlaștinii
conglomeratus : conglomeratus
conglomeratus : pipirig
conglăsui : corespunde
congregație : ordin
congregație : călugăresc
congregație : monahal
congregație : catolici
congregație : ordinul
congregație : numește
congruent : concordant
congruent : corespunzător
conidie : conidiospor
conifer : rășinoase
conioselium : bucinișel
conjectura : presupunere
conjectura : prezumție
conjectural : presupus
conjectură : presupunere
conjectură : prezumție
conjuga : împleti
conjugal : casnic
conjugal : matrimonial
conjugal : marital
conjugal : căsătoresc
conjugal : căsnicesc
conjugal : soțiesc
conjugare : împletire
conjunctiv : subjonctiv
conjunctiv : plecător
conjunctiv : supuitor
conjunctivă : subjonctiv
conjunctivă : plecător
conjunctivă : supuitor
conjunctural : circumstanțial
conjunctural : situațional
conlocuitor : etnici
conlocuitor : minoritate
conoid : conoidal
conopidă : cartafiol
conopidă : carfiol
consacra : dărui
consacra : dedica
consacra : destina
consacra : devota
consacra : hărăzi
consacra : închina
consacra : aplica
consacra : pridădi
consacra : șerbi
consacra : grecism
consacra : afierosi
consacra : întreaga
consacra : binelui
consacrare : dedicare
consacrare : destinare
consacrare : devotare
consacrare : închinare
consacrare : vieții
consacrare : cauze
consacrat : consfințit
consacrat : obișnuit
consacrat : tradițional
consacrat : sacramental
consacrat : rostit
consacrat : formula
consacrat : cunoscut
consacrat : faimos
consacrat : notoriu
consacrat : recunoscut
consacrat : renumit
consacrat : reputat
consacrat : vestit
consacrat : sportiv
consangvin : consângean
conscrie : înrola
conscriere : înrola
conscripție : înrolare
conscris : înrola
consecinte : efect
consecinte : repercusiune
consecinte : rezultat
consecinte : urmare
consecință : efect
consecință : repercusiune
consecință : rezultat
consecință : urmare
consecuție : corelație
consecuție : înlănțuire
consecuție : raport
consecvent : constant
consecvent : neschimbat
consecvent : neschimbător
consecvent : stabil
consecvent : statornic
consecvență : stabilitate
consecvență : statornicie
consemn : dispoziție
consemn : ordin
consemn : rămânere
consemnare : consemnațiune
conserva : păstra
conservare : păstrare
conservare : pentru
conservat : păstra
conservatorism : conservatism
conservă : păstra
consfinți : sacra
consfinți : stabili
consfinți : statornici
consfinți : acest
consfinți : confirma
consfinți : consacra
consfinți : întări
consfinți : ratifica
consfinți : sancționa
consfinți : valida
consfinți : aceste
consfințire : consacrare
consfințire : fixare
consfințire : stabilire
consfințire : statornicire
consfințire : sfințire
consfințit : consacrat
consfințit : fixat
consfințit : stabilit
consfințit : statornicit
consfințit : obicei
considera : aprecia
considera : chibzui
considera : crede
considera : găsi
considera : gândi
considera : judeca
considera : opina
considera : socoti
considera : chiti
considera : cugeta
considera : cunoaște
considera : număra
considera : trebuie
considera : vedea
considera : proclama
considera : prochema
considera : proclamarisi
considera : limba
considera : drept
considera : închipui
considera : ține
considerabil : ridicat
considerabil : simandicos
considerabil : respectabil
considerand : aprecia
considerand : chibzui
considerand : crede
considerand : găsi
considerand : gândi
considerand : judeca
considerand : opina
considerand : socoti
considerand : chiti
considerand : cugeta
considerand : cunoaște
considerand : număra
considerand : trebuie
considerand : vedea
considerand : proclama
considerand : prochema
considerand : proclamarisi
considerand : limba
considerand : drept
considerand : închipui
considerand : ține
considerare : aprecia
considerare : chibzui
considerare : crede
considerare : găsi
considerare : gândi
considerare : judeca
considerare : opina
considerare : socoti
considerare : chiti
considerare : cugeta
considerare : cunoaște
considerare : număra
considerare : trebuie
considerare : vedea
considerare : proclama
considerare : prochema
considerare : proclamarisi
considerare : limba
considerare : drept
considerare : închipui
considerare : ține
consilia : povățui
consiliat : povățui
consilier : povățuitor
consilier : sfătuitor
consilier : sfetnic
consiliere : povățui
consiliu : consiliu
consiliu : cabinet
consiliu : executiv
consiliu : guvern
consiliu : minister
consiliu : unele
consiliu : state
consiliu : numește
consiliu : primărie
consiliu : vornicie
consiliu : pentru
consimți : accepta
consimți : admite
consimți : învoi
consimți : primi
consimți : soția
consimțit : accepta
consimțit : admite
consimțit : învoi
consimțit : primi
consimțit : soția
consimțământ : adeziune
consistent : solid
consistent : vârtos
consistență : soliditate
consistență : tărie
consistență : vârtoșie
consistoriu : ordinariat
consola : alina
consola : îmbărbăta
consola : încuraja
consola : mângâia
consola : grecism
consola : parigorisi
consola : pentru
consola : pierderea
consolant : consolator
consolare : alinare
consolare : îmbărbătare
consolare : încurajare
consolare : mângâiere
consolare : consolație
consolare : parigorie
consolare : balsam
consolare : refugiu
consolare : găsit
consolat : alina
consolat : îmbărbăta
consolat : încuraja
consolat : mângâia
consolat : grecism
consolat : parigorisi
consolat : pentru
consolat : pierderea
consolator : alinător
consolator : mângâietor
consolator : consolant
consolator : mângâios
consolație : consolare
consolație : îmbărbătare
consolație : încurajare
consolida : întări
consolida : înțepeni
consolida : tocmi
consolida : fundația
consolida : stabiliza
consolida : statornici
consolidare : întărire
consolidare : ranforsare
consolidare : înțepenire
consolidare : stabilizare
consolidare : situației
consolidare : statornicire
consolidare : faimei
consolidat : înțepenit
consolă : alina
consolă : îmbărbăta
consolă : încuraja
consolă : mângâia
consolă : grecism
consolă : parigorisi
consolă : pentru
consolă : pierderea
consonant : armonios
consta : consista
consta : rezida
consta : stărui
consta : exista
consta : secretul
consta : aceea
constant : invariabil
constant : neschimbat
constant : uniform
constant : neschimbător
constant : permanent
constant : imuabil
constante : invariabil
constante : neschimbat
constante : uniform
constante : neschimbător
constante : permanent
constante : imuabil
constantă : invariabil
constantă : neschimbat
constantă : uniform
constantă : neschimbător
constantă : permanent
constantă : imuabil
constanța : invariabilitate
constanța : uniformitate
constanța : vitezei
constanța : imuabilitate
constanță : invariabilitate
constanță : uniformitate
constanță : vitezei
constanță : imuabilitate
constare : consista
constare : rezida
constare : stărui
constare : exista
constare : secretul
constare : aceea
constata : observa
constata : remarca
constata : sesiza
constata : vedea
constata : zăpsi
constata : stabili
constatare : stabilire
constatat : observa
constatat : remarca
constatat : sesiza
constatat : vedea
constatat : zăpsi
constatat : stabili
constelație : zodie
consternație : perplexitate
consternație : stupefacție
consternație : stupoare
consternație : surprindere
consternație : uimire
constipa : astupa
constipa : încuia
constipare : astupa
constipare : încuia
constipat : astupat
constipat : încuiat
constipație : astupare
constipație : încuiere
constitui : alcătui
constitui : desemna
constitui : forma
constitui : institui
constitui : organiza
constitui : stabili
constitui : tocmi
constitui : însemna
constitui : prezenta
constitui : capitol
constitui : partea
constituire : alcătuire
constituire : creare
constituire : desemnare
constituire : formare
constituire : instituire
constituire : înființare
constituire : numire
constituire : organizare
constituire : stabilire
constituit : alcătui
constituit : desemna
constituit : forma
constituit : institui
constituit : organiza
constituit : stabili
constituit : tocmi
constituit : însemna
constituit : prezenta
constituit : capitol
constituit : partea
constitutiv : integrant
constituție : conformație
constituție : fizic
constituție : temperament
constituție : statut
constrictiv : continuu
constrictiv : fricativ
constrictiv : spirant
constrictivă : continuu
constrictivă : fricativ
constrictivă : spirant
construi : clădi
construi : ridica
construi : edifica
construi : temeia
construire : clădire
construire : construcție
construire : durare
construire : înălțare
construire : ridicare
construire : zidire
construire : edificare
construit : clădi
construit : ridica
construit : edifica
construit : temeia
constrânge : obliga
constrânge : violenta
constrânge : silnici
constrânge : strânge
constrânge : asupri
constrânge : îndemna
constrânge : necesita
constrânge : pripi
constrânge : silui
constrânge : strâmtora
constrânge : presa
constrânge : condamna
constrânge : osândi
constrângere : forțare
constrângere : obligare
constrângere : silire
constrângere : somare
constrângere : violentare
constrângere : asuprire
constrângere : siluire
constrângere : cuiva
constrâns : obliga
constrâns : violenta
constrâns : silnici
constrâns : strânge
constrâns : asupri
constrâns : îndemna
constrâns : necesita
constrâns : pripi
constrâns : silui
constrâns : strâmtora
constrâns : presa
constrâns : condamna
constrâns : osândi
consult : între
consult : sfătui
consult : consfătui
consult : chibzui
consult : cislui
consult : divăni
consult : cerceta
consult : examina
consulta : între
consulta : sfătui
consulta : consfătui
consulta : chibzui
consulta : cislui
consulta : divăni
consulta : cerceta
consulta : examina
consultare : cercetare
consultare : examinare
consultat : între
consultat : sfătui
consultat : consfătui
consultat : chibzui
consultat : cislui
consultat : divăni
consultat : cerceta
consultat : examina
consultativ : sfătuitor
consum : cheltuire
consuma : folosi
consuma : utiliza
consuma : metahirisi
consuma : metri
consuma : reparând
consuma : mânca
consuma : cheltui
consuma : multe
consuma : intra
consuma : merge
consuma : epuiza
consuma : isprăvi
consuma : termina
consuma : găti
consuma : toate
consumare : consum
consumare : consumație
consumare : folosire
consumare : întrebuințare
consumare : utilizare
consumare : cherestea
consumare : pentru
consumare : epuizare
consumare : isprăvire
consumare : sfârșire
consumare : sfârșit
consumare : terminare
consumare : tuturor
consumator : mâncător
consuna : corespunde
consunant : concordant
consunant : corespunzător
consunare : corespunde
consângean : consangvin
cont : economic
cont : înscris
cont : spate
cont : spinare
cont : puneau
conta : interesa
conta : importa
conta : acest
conta : lucru
conta : altele
contabil : contabilicesc
contabilitate : sămădușag
contabilitate : serviciul
contabilă : contabilicesc
contact : atingere
contact : primul
contact : raport
contact : relație
contact : stabili
contagia : infesta
contagia : umple
contagia : smredui
contagia : strica
contagiat : infesta
contagiat : umple
contagiat : smredui
contagiat : strica
contagiere : infesta
contagiere : umple
contagiere : smredui
contagiere : strica
contaminant : infecțios
contare : interesa
contare : importa
contare : acest
contare : lucru
contare : altele
contemporan : actual
contemporan : modern
contemporan : recent
contemporan : tehnica
conteni : înceta
conteni : curma
conteni : potoli
conteni : termina
conteni : ostoi
conteni : prorupe
conteni : tinchi
conteni : precurma
conteni : ploaia
contenit : înceta
contenit : curma
contenit : potoli
contenit : termina
contenit : ostoi
contenit : prorupe
contenit : tinchi
contenit : precurma
contenit : ploaia
contest : renega
contest : tăgădui
contest : protesta
contest : afirmate
contesta : renega
contesta : tăgădui
contesta : protesta
contesta : afirmate
contestare : dezmințire
contestare : negare
contestare : negație
contestare : renegare
contestare : tăgăduire
contestare : afirmate
contestatorism : contestatarism
contestație : întâmpinare
contestație : înaintat
contestație : împotriva
contestație : deciziei
context : extras
context : semnificativ
contiguu : adiacent
continență : chibzuire
continență : cumințenie
continență : cumpătare
continență : înfrânare
continență : înțelepciune
continență : minte
continență : moderație
continență : rațiune
continență : reținere
contingent : incidental
contingent : întâmplător
contingent : ocazional
contingenta : incidental
contingenta : întâmplător
contingenta : ocazional
contingență : raport
continua : local
continua : întinde
continua : lungi
continua : prelungi
continua : temporal
continua : ține
continua : miezul
continua : relua
continuare : reluare
continuare : drumului
continuat : local
continuat : întinde
continuat : lungi
continuat : prelungi
continuat : temporal
continuat : ține
continuat : miezul
continuat : relua
continuator : succesor
continuator : următor
continuitate : continuație
continuu : etern
continuu : necontenit
continuu : necurmat
continuu : neîncetat
continuu : între
continuu : nesfârșit
continuu : permanent
continuu : perpetuu
continuu : veșnic
continuu : mereu
continuu : necunten
continuu : neîncontenit
continuu : neprecurmat
continuu : nesăvârșit
continuu : pururelnic
continuu : încontinuu
continuu : întruna
continuu : neîntrerupt
continuu : neobosit
continuu : neostenit
continuu : pururi
continuu : nepristan
continuu : hojma
continuu : neapărat
continuu : nelipsit
contopi : confunda
contopire : confundare
contopire : intereselor
contopit : confunda
contorsiona : răsuci
contorsiona : torsiona
contorsionare : răsuci
contorsionare : torsiona
contorsionat : sucit
contrabas : registrul
contrabas : basist
contrabas : ~șilor
contrabasist : contrabas
contrabasist : basist
contracta : încheia
contracta : căpăta
contracta : prinde
contracta : contrage
contracta : retracta
contracta : strânge
contracta : zgârci
contracta : țesut
contractare : încheiere
contractare : contracție
contractare : strângere
contractare : zgârcire
contractare : strânsoare
contractat : retractat
contractat : strâns
contractat : zgârcit
contractat : crispat
contractilitate : contractibilitate
contracție : contractare
contracție : stricțiune
contracție : contragere
contracție : metal
contradictoriu : contrar
contradictoriu : divergent
contradictoriu : potrivnic
contradictoriu : contrazicător
contradicție : contrazicere
contradicție : nepotrivire
contraface : falsifica
contraface : drege
contraface : preface
contrafort : pinten
contrafort : zidul
contrafăcut : strâmb
contrafăcut : falsificat
contrafăcut : făcut
contrafăcut : prefăcut
contrafăcut : stricat
contragere : contracție
contraindicat : neindicat
contraindicat : nepotrivit
contraindicat : nociv
contraindicat : periculos
contraindicat : primejdios
contraindicat : vătămător
contraindicat : tratament
contraindicat : pentru
contramanda : anula
contramanda : revoca
contramandabil : revocabil
contramandabil : dispoziție
contramandare : anulare
contramandare : revocare
contramandare : revocație
contramandat : anulat
contramandat : revocat
contramanifestație : contrademonstrație
contrapagină : verso
contrapunct : polifonie
contrar : advers
contrar : potrivnic
contrar : împotrivit
contrar : opozit
contrar : partea
contrar : invers
contrar : celui
contrar : antitetic
contrar : poziții
contrar : contra
contrar : divergent
contrar : contrazicător
contrar : împotriva
contrar : părerii
contrarevoluționar : antirevoluționar
contraria : șoca
contrariat : șocat
contrariat : vexat
contrariat : izbit
contrariere : șoca
contraspionaj : contrainformații
contrast : opoziție
contrast : izbitor
contrast : între
contrastant : contrastiv
contrastant : fapte
contraveni : abate
contraveni : călca
contraveni : încălca
contraveni : nesocoti
contraveni : viola
contraveni : sparge
contraveni : știrbi
contravenire : abate
contravenire : călca
contravenire : încălca
contravenire : nesocoti
contravenire : viola
contravenire : sparge
contravenire : știrbi
contravenit : abate
contravenit : călca
contravenit : încălca
contravenit : nesocoti
contravenit : viola
contravenit : sparge
contravenit : știrbi
contrazice : contra
contrazice : încontra
contrazicere : încontrare
contrazicător : contrar
contrazicător : divergent
contrazis : contra
contrazis : încontra
contribuabil : subiect
contribuabil : impozabil
contribuabil : dajnic
contribuabil : dăjdiar
contribuabil : liude
contribuție : grecism
contribuție : sinisfora
contribuție : aport
control : verificare
control : inspectare
control : inspecție
control : revizie
control : decurs
control : dominație
control : supremație
control : industria
controla : comanda
controla : regla
controla : domina
controla : stăpâni
controla : spațiul
controversa : litigiu
controversa : discuție
controversa : jurul
controversat : discutabil
controversat : litigios
controversă : litigiu
controversă : discuție
controversă : jurul
contura : evidenția
contura : reliefa
contura : scrie
contura : trasa
contura : numeroase
conturare : delimitare
conturare : evidențiere
conturare : precizare
conturare : profilare
conturare : proiectare
conturare : reliefare
conturare : imaginii
conturare : lumina
conturare : creionare
conturare : schițare
conturat : evidenția
conturat : reliefa
conturat : scrie
conturat : trasa
conturat : numeroase
conturba : incomoda
conturba : încurca
conturba : stingheri
conturba : stânjeni
conturba : supăra
conturbare : incomodare
conturbare : jenare
conturbare : stingherire
conturbare : stânjenire
conturbat : incomoda
conturbat : încurca
conturbat : stingheri
conturbat : stânjeni
conturbat : supăra
contă : interesa
contă : importa
contă : acest
contă : lucru
contă : altele
conul : agestru
conul : cocean
conul : cucuruz
conul : păpușoi
conul : vegetativ
conul : vârf
conul : ceramic
convalescent : pribolit
convalescent : reconvalescent
convalescență : aflat
convallaria : mărgărit
convallaria : mărgăritărel
convallaria : clopoțel
convallaria : suflețel
convenabil : acceptabil
convenabil : admisibil
convenabil : bunicel
convenabil : suportabil
convenabil : tolerabil
convenabil : pasabil
convenabil : situație
convenabil : accesibil
convenabil : moderat
convenabil : potrivit
convenabil : rezonabil
convenabil : modic
convenabil : materiale
conveni : plăcea
conveni : prefera
conveni : înțelege
conveni : învoi
conveni : ajunge
conveni : toldui
conveni : pristăni
conveni : târgui
conveni : tocmi
conveni : grecism
conveni : simfonisi
conveni : asupra
conveni : accepta
convenire : plăcea
convenire : prefera
convenire : înțelege
convenire : învoi
convenire : ajunge
convenire : toldui
convenire : pristăni
convenire : târgui
convenire : tocmi
convenire : grecism
convenire : simfonisi
convenire : asupra
convenire : accepta
convenit : plăcea
convenit : prefera
convenit : înțelege
convenit : învoi
convenit : ajunge
convenit : toldui
convenit : pristăni
convenit : târgui
convenit : tocmi
convenit : grecism
convenit : simfonisi
convenit : asupra
convenit : accepta
convenționalitate : convenționalism
convex : bombat
convicțiune : concepție
convicțiune : convingere
convicțiune : gând
convicțiune : încredințare
convicțiune : opinie
convicțiune : orientare
convicțiune : părere
convicțiune : principiu
convicțiune : sentiment
convicțiune : vedere
convinge : decide
convinge : determina
convinge : pleca
convinge : îndemna
convinge : asigura
convinge : pliroforisi
convinge : siguripsi
convinge : ochii
convinge : pătrunde
convinge : însemnătatea
convinge : sfatului
convingere : persuasiune
convingere : certitudine
convingere : încredințare
convingere : sentiment
convingere : convicțiune
convingător : concludent
convingător : decisiv
convingător : edificator
convingător : elocvent
convingător : grăitor
convingător : hotărâtor
convingător : ilustrativ
convingător : pilduitor
convingător : puternic
convingător : serios
convingător : solid
convingător : temeinic
convingător : probant
convingător : vorbitor
convingător : înduplecător
convingător : exemplu
convins : încredințat
convins : sigur
convoca : ține
convoca : aduna
convoca : întruni
convoca : reuni
convoca : strânge
convocare : adunare
convocare : întrunire
convocare : reunire
convocare : strângere
convocare : oamenilor
convocat : ține
convocat : aduna
convocat : întruni
convocat : reuni
convocat : strânge
convoi : rând
convolvulus : rochița-rândunelei
convolvulus : rochița-rândunicii
convolvulus : poala-rândunicii
convolvulus : rochia-rândunelei
convolvulus : rochița-păsăricii
convolvulus : rochița-păsăruicii
convolvulus : răcorele
convorbi : dialoga
convorbi : discuta
convulsie : spasm
convulsie : săltătoare
convulsie : strânsoare
convulsiona : convulsa
convulsionare : convulsa
convulsionat : convulsa
convulsiv : spasmodic
convulsiv : spastic
conăci : găzdui
conăci : mânea
conăci : poposi
conăci : primi
conăcire : găzdui
conăcire : mânea
conăcire : poposi
conăcire : primi
conăcit : găzdui
conăcit : mânea
conăcit : poposi
conăcit : primi
conștient : lucid
conștient : treaz
conștient : perfect
conștiență : luciditate
conștiență : stare
conștiincios : exigent
conștiincios : meticulos
conștiincios : minuțios
conștiincios : scrupulos
conștiinciozitate : acribie
conștiinciozitate : meticulozitate
conștiinciozitate : rigurozitate
conștiinciozitate : scrupulozitate
conștiinciozitate : peior
conștiinciozitate : tipicărie
conștiinciozitate : îndeplinirea
conștiință : înțelegere
conștiință : datoriei
conține : cuprinde
conține : include
conține : îngloba
conține : număra
conține : multe
conține : scrie
conține : spune
conține : aceste
conținea : cuprinde
conținea : include
conținea : îngloba
conținea : număra
conținea : multe
conținea : scrie
conținea : spune
conținea : aceste
conținere : cuprinde
conținere : include
conținere : îngloba
conținere : număra
conținere : multe
conținere : scrie
conținere : spune
conținere : aceste
conținut : cuprins
conținut : comprehensiune
conțină : cuprinde
conțină : include
conțină : îngloba
conțină : număra
conțină : multe
conțină : scrie
conțină : spune
conțină : aceste
conțopist : astăzi
conțopist : scriptolog
cooperativiza : ieșit
cooperativiza : colectiviza
cooperativizare : ieșit
cooperativizare : colectivizare
cooperativizat : ieșit
cooperativizat : colectiviza
coopta : primi
coopta : rândul
coopta : membrilor
cooptare : primire
cooptare : cuiva
cooptat : primi
cooptat : rândul
cooptat : membrilor
copai : morii
copai : curge
copai : făina
copaie : morii
copaie : curge
copaie : făina
coparticipare : coparticipație
copcă : plăgi
copcă : strânse
coperi : îmbrăca
coperi : înfășura
coperta : învelitoare
coperta : tartaj
coperto : învelitoare
coperto : tartaj
copertă : învelitoare
copertă : tartaj
copia : reproduce
copia : scrie
copia : decopia
copia : izvodi
copia : prescrie
copia : curat
copia : scoate
copie : reproducere
copie : transcriere
copie : transcripție
copie : izvod
copie : duplicat
copie : obținut
copiere : copiat
copiere : reproducere
copiere : transcriere
copiere : transcripție
copiere : curat
copil : frate
copil : furie
copil : apare
copil : frecvent
copilaș : pruncușor
copilaș : pruncotean
copilaș : născut
copili : plivi
copili : lăstari
copilit : copilire
copilit : plivit
copilit : viței
copilăresc : infantil
copilăresc : pueril
copilăresc : pruncesc
copilăresc : gesturile
copilăresc : astea
copilărește : prunci
copilări : prunci
copilărie : pruncie
copilărie : pruncenie
copilărie : coconie
copilărie : nevârstnicie
copilărie : porobocie
copilărie : naivitate
copilărie : prostie
copilărire : prunci
copist : scrib
copist : prescriitor
copist : conțopist
copitat : ungulat
copitate : ungulat
copită : unghie
copleși : prinde
copleși : împovăra
copleși : năpădi
copleși : răzbi
copleși : prididi
copleși : supune
copleși : apăsa
copleși : răpune
copleși : necazurile
copleși : împresura
copleși : cuprinde
copleși : răzbate
copleșire : prinde
copleșire : împovăra
copleșire : năpădi
copleșire : răzbi
copleșire : prididi
copleșire : supune
copleșire : apăsa
copleșire : răpune
copleșire : necazurile
copleșire : împresura
copleșire : cuprinde
copleșire : răzbate
copleșitor : covârșitor
copleșitor : sfâșietor
copleșitor : impresie
copleșitor : strivitor
copoit : prășire
copoit : prășit
copoit : săpare
coprinus : buretele-calului
coprinus : căciula-șerpelui
coprofag : scatofag
coprofagie : scatofagie
coproprietar : composesor
coptoroși : roade
coptoroșire : roade
coptorâre : roade
coptorî : roade
copula : copulativ
copulă : copulativ
copyright : drept
copyright : reproducere
copăcel : pomișor
copăcel : câțiva
copăi : morii
copăi : curge
copăi : făina
copăiță : covățea
copăiță : pentru
copăiță : frământat
corabie : velier
corabie : chivot
corabie : turcism
corabie : ghimie
coral : mărgean
coral : trăiește
corali : mărgean
corali : trăiește
corallium : mărgean
corallium : trăiește
coralloides : spongie
coralloides : burete-de-mare
coralloides : spongier
coralloides : șponghie
coralloides : șters
coralloides : coralloides
coralloides : curălice
coralloides : meloșel
coralloides : opintici
coralloides : togmăgel
coralloides : barba-caprei
coralloides : laba-mâței
coralloides : rămurele
coralloides : pâinișoare
coralloides : flocoșel
coralloides : cibarius
coralloides : gălbinele
coralloides : gălbiori
coralloides : unghia-caprei
coralloides : cerbilor
coralloides : vulgare
coralloides : bășina-porcului
coralloides : ostreatus
coralloides : burete-șerpesc
coralloides : pălăria-șarpelui
coralloides : procera
corală : conservatorului
coraslă : puroi
corb : cloncan
corb : croncan
corb : cioroi
corb : europaeus
corb : stârc
corb : cenușiu
corbi : cloncan
corbi : croncan
corbi : cioroi
corbi : europaeus
corbi : stârc
corbi : cenușiu
corbișor : corbușor
corci : metis
corcire : amestecare
corcire : hibridare
corcire : încrucișare
corcire : animale
corcit : amestecat
corcit : hibrid
corcit : încrucișat
corcit : mistricioi
corcit : mistrițat
corcitură : bastard
corcitură : metis
corcitură : corci
corcitură : planta
corcitură : animalul
corcitură : rezultat
corcitură : încrucișarea
corcitură : specii
corcodel : cufundar
corcodel : scufundaci
corcodel : scufundar
corcodel : furidac
corcoduș : cerasifera
corcoduș : târnosliv
corconi : cocoli
corconire : cocoli
corconit : cocoli
cordar : punte
cordar : instrument
cordar : întinzător
cordar : cheie
cordar : încordător
cordar : răsucitoare
cordar : sucitor
cordenci : cățel
cordenci : proptar
cordenci : scaun
cordenci : tocălie
cordenci : războiul
cordierit : dicroit
cordon : cordon
cordon : perisip
cordon : ombilic
corecta : corija
corecta : îndrepta
corecta : rectifica
corecta : repara
corectare : corijare
corectare : îndreptare
corectare : rectificare
corectare : rectificație
corectare : îmbunătățire
corectare : remediere
corectare : retușare
corectare : reparare
corectare : dicțiunii
corectat : corija
corectat : îndrepta
corectat : rectifica
corectat : repara
corectitudine : corecție
corectură : cerut
corectură : carte
corecțional : infracțional
coresponda : scrie
coresponda : regulat
coresponda : între
corespondare : scrie
corespondare : regulat
corespondare : între
corespondență : aproape
corespondență : zilnic
corespondență : timpurilor
corespondență : consecuția
corespondență : simetrie
corespunda : potrivi
corespunda : răspunde
corespunda : intereselor
corespunde : potrivi
corespunde : răspunde
corespunde : intereselor
corespundere : potrivi
corespundere : răspunde
corespundere : intereselor
corespuns : potrivi
corespuns : răspunde
corespuns : intereselor
corfă : colivie
coriandru : chimen
coriandru : piper-alb
coriandrum : chimen
coriandrum : piper-alb
coridor : culoar
coridor : printr-un
corifeu : protagonist
corija : corecta
corija : îndrepta
corija : rectifica
corija : repara
corijare : corectare
corijare : îmbunătățire
corijare : îndreptare
corijare : rectificare
corijare : remediere
corijare : retușare
corijare : reparare
corijare : dicțiunii
corijat : corecta
corijat : îndrepta
corijat : rectifica
corijat : repara
corlată : pătul
corleși : răscoli
corleși : scormoni
corleși : scotoci
corleșire : răscoli
corleșire : scormoni
corleșire : scotoci
corleșit : răscoli
corleșit : scormoni
corleșit : scotoci
cormană : răsturnătoare
cormoran : corb-de-mare
corn : tfiline
corn : advar
corn : pintenul-secarei
cornaci : ciulin
cornaci : colțan
cornaci : colțar
cornaci : castan-de-lac
cornee : linte
corner : executa
cornet : fișic
cornet : pavilion
corniculatus : motocel
corniculatus : trifoiște
corniculatus : uliginosus
cornuri : căprior
cornuri : cotlon
cornuri : flanc
cornuri : margine
cornuri : ungher
cornuri : unghi
cornus : sângerel
cornus : sânginel
cornus : lemn-pucios
coroană : flori
coroană : casa-cu-ograda
coroană : roata-stelelor
corobeață : porumbea
corobete : porumbea
corobora : arăta
corobora : atesta
corobora : certifica
corobora : confirma
corobora : demonstra
corobora : dovedi
corobora : întări
corobora : mărturisi
corobora : proba
corobora : sprijini
corobora : stabili
coroborare : arătare
coroborare : atestare
coroborare : certificare
coroborare : confirmare
coroborare : demonstrare
coroborare : demonstrație
coroborare : dovedire
coroborare : întărire
coroborare : probare
coroborat : arăta
coroborat : atesta
coroborat : certifica
coroborat : confirma
coroborat : demonstra
coroborat : dovedi
coroborat : întări
coroborat : mărturisi
coroborat : proba
coroborat : sprijini
coroborat : stabili
coroia : încovoia
coroiat : acvilin
coroiat : cocârjat
coroiat : curbat
coroiat : încovoiat
coroiat : coroietic
coroiere : încovoia
coroietic : cocârjat
coroietic : coroiat
coroietic : curbat
coronaria : brâul-cerului
coronaria : brâul-popii
coronaria : curuna-cerului
coronaria : flocoșele
coronaria : barba-împăratului
coronaria : floarea-cununii
coronarius : coronarius
coronarius : mălin
coronilla : ciocârlan
coronilla : floare-de-trânji
coronilla : unghia-găinii
coroniște : ciocârlan
coroniște : floare-de-trânji
coroniște : unghia-găinii
coropișniță : vulgaris
coropișniță : coroi
coropișniță : păduche-de-cal
corosbină : cățel-de-mare
corosiv : corodant
coroti : degaja
coroti : descotorosi
coroti : dezbăra
corotire : degaja
corotire : descotorosi
corotire : dezbăra
corovatic : lumânare
corp : alcătuit
corp : intrat
corpolent : solid
corpolent : voinic
corpolență : trupeșie
corporal : fizic
corporal : trupesc
corporal : aspect
corporatist : corporativ
corset : spăcel
corset : tivilichic
cort : dormeau
cort : cortul
cort : tabernacul
cort : vechii
cortel : așezare
cortel : cămin
cortel : domiciliu
cortex : cortex
cortez : atent
cortez : curtenitor
cortez : galant
corticoid : corticosteroid
cortina : perdea
cortină : perdea
cortorosi : degaja
cortorosi : descotorosi
cortorosi : dezbăra
corupe : decădea
corupe : deprava
corupe : desfrâna
corupe : destrăbăla
corupe : perverti
corupe : strica
corupe : vicia
corupe : sminti
corupe : într-un
corupe : mediu
corupe : deforma
corupere : decădere
corupere : depravare
corupere : pervertire
corupere : stricare
corupere : viciere
corupere : degradație
corupere : deformare
corupt : decăzut
corupt : depravat
corupt : desfrânat
corupt : destrăbălat
corupt : dezmățat
corupt : imoral
corupt : rușinat
corupt : pervertit
corupt : stricat
corupt : vicios
corupt : libertin
corupt : deșănțat
corupt : parșiv
corupt : șucheat
corupt : teșmenit
corupt : aselghicesc
corupt : demoralizat
corupt : spurcat
corupt : putred
corupt : deformat
corupt : lexicale
coruptibil : venal
coruptibil : mitarnic
coruptibilitate : corupție
coruptibilitate : venalitate
corupător : pervertitor
corupție : decădere
corupție : depravare
corupție : desfrânare
corupție : destrăbălare
corupție : imoralitate
corupție : perdiție
corupție : perversitate
corupție : perversiune
corupție : pervertire
corupție : pierzanie
corupție : pierzare
corupție : stricăciune
corupție : viciu
corupție : deșănțare
corupție : aselghiciune
corupție : aselghie
corupție : desfătare
corupție : preacurvie
corupție : preacurvire
corupție : preaiubire
corupție : descompunere
corupție : putreziciune
corupție : putrefacție
corupție : putrejune
corvoadă : țărani
corvoadă : folosul
corvoadă : pentru
corydalis : brebenea
corymbosum : piretru
corymbosum : închegătoare
corymbosum : mama-pădurii
corymbosum : priboi-căpresc
corymbosum : ochiul-boului-a-ferigei
corăbier : năier
corăbieri : năier
cosac : murgoi
cosaș : cositor
cosaș : cobilițar
cosaș : cosar
cosaș : verde
coscogeamite : invar
cosi : tăia
cosit : cosire
cosit : primul
cositorire : cositorit
cositorire : spoire
cositorire : spoit
cositură : cosiriște
cositură : cosit
cositură : iarba
cosmic : interplanetar
cosmic : sideral
cosmic : spațial
cosmodrom : astrodrom
cosmoeconomie : mondoeconomie
cosmonaut : astronaut
cosor : târpan
cosor : pentru
cosor : tăiat
cosoroabă : praștie
costa : reveni
costa : prețui
costa : costisi
costa : metrul
costare : reveni
costare : prețui
costare : costisi
costare : metrul
costat : reveni
costat : prețui
costat : costisi
costat : metrul
costrei : mohor-gros
costrei : bălur
costrei : belengher
costum : haine
costum : îmbrăcăminte
cosânzeana : lactee
cosânzeana : calea-laptelui
cosânzeană : lactee
cosânzeană : calea-laptelui
cot : șing
cota : nivel
cota : apelor
cota : cotitate
cota : refenea
cotari : larvele
cotcodăci : cotcorozi
cotcodăci : cotcozi
cotcodăcit : cotcodăcire
cote : nivel
cote : apelor
cote : cotitate
cote : refenea
cotea : cârmi
cotea : cârmui
cotea : cârni
cotea : cotigi
cotea : merge
cotei : nivel
cotei : apelor
cotei : cotitate
cotei : refenea
coterie : cârdășie
coteț : porci
coti : cârmi
coti : cârmui
coti : cârni
coti : cotigi
coti : merge
cotigă : pentru
cotigă : poveri
cotigă : roate
cotigă : rotile
cotigă : căroaie
cotigă : grindeiul
cotili : răscoli
cotili : scormoni
cotili : scotoci
cotilire : răscoli
cotilire : scormoni
cotilire : scotoci
cotire : cârmire
cotire : cârmit
cotire : cotit
cotire : viraj
cotire : virare
cotire : virat
cotire : câmire
cotire : cârnit
cotire : timpul
cotit : întortocheat
cotit : sinuos
cotit : sucit
cotit : șerpuit
cotit : șerpuitor
cotit : șerpuind
cotit : șovăit
cotit : serpentin
cotitură : sinuozitate
cotitură : șerpuire
cotitură : covei
cotizație : grecism
cotizație : sinisfora
cotizație : plătit
cotoaie : margine
cotoaie : mâner
cotoaie : pervaz
cotoarbă : belea
cotoarbă : bucluc
cotoarbă : dandana
cotoarbă : neajuns
cotoarbă : necaz
cotoarbă : nemulțumire
cotoarbă : nenorocire
cotoarbă : neplăcere
cotoarbă : nevoie
cotoarbă : pacoste
cotoarbă : pocinog
cotoarbă : supărare
cotoc : motan
cotoiaș : motănel
cotoiaș : mâțuc
cotoiaș : pisocel
cotor : cozii
cotor : penele
cotrențos : zdrențăros
cotrobăit : răscolit
cotrobăit : scotocit
cotrobăit : scorbelit
cotrobăit : rostopolit
cotropi : invada
cotropi : călca
cotropi : năpădi
cotropi : cuprinde
cotropi : supăra
cotropi : teritoriu
cotropire : invadare
cotropire : invazie
cotropire : călcare
cotropire : năpădire
cotropire : cuprindere
cotropire : cuprins
cotropire : teritoriu
cotropit : invada
cotropit : călca
cotropit : năpădi
cotropit : cuprinde
cotropit : supăra
cotropit : teritoriu
cotula : mărariul-câinelui
cotă : nivel
cotă : apelor
cotă : cotitate
cotă : refenea
covei : sinuozitate
covei : șerpuire
coviltir : ceapol
coviltir : arneu
coviț : interj
covrag : curpen
covriga : încârliga
covriga : încolăci
covriga : încovriga
covriga : înfășura
covriga : învălătuci
covriga : răsuci
covrigar : simigiu
covrigărie : simigerie
covârși : împresura
covârși : năpădi
covârși : prinde
covârșire : împresura
covârșire : năpădi
covârșire : prinde
covârșit : împresura
covârșit : năpădi
covârșit : prinde
covârșitor : copleșitor
covârșitor : sfâșietor
covârșitor : impresie
covârșitor : strivitor
covârșitor : personalitate
covățică : covățea
covățică : pentru
covățică : frământat
coxartroză : coxartrie
cozonac : colac
cozoroc : șild
cozoroc : șirm
cozoroc : șepcii
coșar : hornar
coșar : coșurile
coșarcă : târnog
coșarcă : marfa
coșcogea : invar
coșcov : cojit
coșcov : coșcovit
coșcovi : scoroji
coșcovi : scofâlci
coșcovire : burdușire
coșcovire : cojire
coșcovire : scorojire
coșcovire : scofâlcire
coșcovit : burdușit
coșcovit : cojit
coșcovit : scorojit
coșcovit : scofâlcit
coșcovit : coșcov
coșcovit : perete
coșniță : întors
coșuleț : picioarele
coțcar : impostor
coțcar : înșelător
coțcar : șarlatan
coțcă : hoție
coțcă : înșelăciune
coțcă : înșelătorie
coțcă : pungășie
coțcă : șarlatanie
coțcă : șmecherie
coțcăresc : înșela
coțcări : înșela
coțcărie : furat
coțcărie : hoție
coțcărie : înșelăciune
coțcărie : înșelătorie
coțcărie : pungășie
coțcărie : șarlatanie
coțcărire : înșela
coțcărit : înșela
coțofană : sarcoi
coțofană : știricea
coțofană : scuipatul-dracului
crabro : bărzăun
crabro : găun
crabro : bâzgar
crabro : tăun
crabro : albina-țiganului
crabro : viespe-gărgăune
crabro : găunoi
crabro : viespar
crabro : viespoi
cracare : cracaj
cracare : pentru
cracare : obținerea
cracoviac : popular
crailâc : libertinaj
crailâc : preacurvie
crainic : mesager
crainic : trimis
crainic : vestitor
crainic : poslanic
crainic : pristav
crainic : strigător
crainic : telal
crainic : anunțat
crainic : vestea
crainic : printr-un
crainic : spicher
crampona : desperare
cramponare : desperare
crancău : crainic
crancău : mesager
crancău : trimis
craniu : scăfârlie
craniu : cutie
crap : șaran
crap : sazan
crasici : salbă-moale
crastaval : crăpușnic
crataegus : clavus
crataegus : lichen
crataegus : panarițiu
crater : lunar
cratiță : tigaie
cratiță : răvar
cravată : legătoare
cravată : șlengher
cravașa : calul
cravașă : calul
crea : scrie
crea : creat
crea : alcătui
crea : compune
crea : elabora
crea : tocmi
crea : realiza
crea : redacta
crea : izvodi
crea : redija
creare : facere
creare : zidire
creare : lumii
creare : alcătuire
creare : compunere
creare : elaborare
creare : întocmire
creare : realizare
creare : redactare
creare : scriere
creare : scris
creare : izvodire
creare : redacție
creare : redijare
creare : opere
creastă : creștet
creastă : culme
creastă : muchie
creastă : spinare
creastă : creasta-cocoșului
creastă : meloșel
creastă : opintic
creastă : tocmăgel
creastă : barba-caprei
creat : scrie
creat : creat
creat : alcătui
creat : compune
creat : elabora
creat : tocmi
creat : realiza
creat : redacta
creat : izvodi
creat : redija
creator : făuritor
creator : înfăptuitor
creator : născocitor
creator : plăsmuitor
creator : realizator
creator : săvârșitor
creator : scornitor
creator : făurar
creator : procedeu
creator : pentru
creație : realizare
crede : considera
crede : găsi
crede : socoti
crede : vedea
crede : închipui
crede : ține
crede : presupune
crede : franțuzism
crede : prezuma
crede : probălui
crede : supoza
crede : pleca
credere : considera
credere : găsi
credere : socoti
credere : vedea
credere : închipui
credere : ține
credere : presupune
credere : franțuzism
credere : prezuma
credere : probălui
credere : supoza
credere : pleca
credincios : cuvios
credincios : evlavios
credincios : preacredincios
credincios : religios
credincios : smerit
credincios : franțuzism
credincios : devot
credincios : smernic
credincios : blagocestiv
credincios : pietos
credincios : pravoslavnic
credincios : râvnitor
credincios : bine-credincios
credința : cucernicie
credința : cuvioșenie
credința : cuvioșie
credința : evlavie
credința : pietate
credința : pioșenie
credința : piozitate
credința : religiozitate
credința : smerenie
credința : devoțiune
credința : blagocestie
credința : blagocestivie
credința : hristoitie
credința : râvnire
credința : smerire
credință : cucernicie
credință : cuvioșenie
credință : cuvioșie
credință : evlavie
credință : pietate
credință : pioșenie
credință : piozitate
credință : religiozitate
credință : smerenie
credință : devoțiune
credință : blagocestie
credință : blagocestivie
credință : hristoitie
credință : râvnire
credință : smerire
credita : împrumuta
credita : cineva
creditare : împrumutare
creditare : cuiva
creditat : împrumuta
creditat : cineva
creditor : împrumutător
creditor : datornic
credo : simbolul
credul : candid
credul : ingenuu
credul : inocent
credul : neștiutor
credulitate : naivitate
credulitate : candoare
credulitate : ingenuitate
creier : encefal
creieraș : creierul
creieruș : creierul
creion : condei
creion : plaivaz
creion : plumb
creițar : crucer
creițar : argint
creițari : crucer
creițari : argint
crem : alb-gălbui
cremațiune : incinerare
cremenal : închisoare
cremenal : penitenciar
cremenal : pușcărie
crenata : teișor
crenel : măzgal
crenel : meterez
crengărie : crengăraie
crep : zăbranic
crepis : perforatum
crepis : pojar
crepis : drobișor
crepis : fălcățea
crepis : închegătoare
crepis : șerlai
crepis : zburătoare
crepis : barba-lupului
crepis : buruiană-de-năduf
crepis : crucea-voinicului
crepis : floare-de-năduf
crepis : iarba-crucii
crepis : iarba-sângelui
crepis : iarba-spaimei
crepis : iarba-spurcății
crepis : osul-iepurelui
crepis : sovârf-galben
crepis : merișor
crepis : trifoi-căpresc
crepis : măselar
crepis : lăptuca-iepurilor
creponat : încrețit
crescendo : crescând
crescut : dezvoltat
crescut : măricel
crescut : mărișor
crescut : răsărit
crescut : săltat
crescut : umflat
crestat : brăzdat
crestomatie : analecte
crestomație : analecte
creta : tibișir
cretacic : cretaceu
cretos : cretaceu
cretă : tibișir
crevete : numele
crevete : generic
crevete : decapode
crevetă : numele
crevetă : generic
crevetă : decapode
crez : religie
crez : simbolul
crez : credinței
crez : credo
crezol : metilfenol
crezut : considera
crezut : găsi
crezut : socoti
crezut : vedea
crezut : închipui
crezut : ține
crezut : presupune
crezut : franțuzism
crezut : prezuma
crezut : probălui
crezut : supoza
crezut : pleca
crește : dezvolta
crește : mări
crește : odrăsli
crește : ridica
crește : sălta
crește : zburătăci
crește : vegeta
crește : scula
crește : spori
crește : augmenta
crește : fondul
crește : umfla
crește : apele
crește : matca
crește : nivelul
creștere : dezvoltare
creștere : mărire
creștere : vegetație
creștere : sporire
creștere : augmentare
creștere : fondului
creștere : ridicare
creștere : umflare
creștere : apelor
creștere : matca
creștere : nivelului
creștere : suire
creștere : urcare
creștere : temperaturii
creștet : sinciput
creștet : vertex
creștet : scăfârlie
creștet : vestul
creștin : individ
creștina : boteza
creștina : mahomedan
creștinare : botez
creștinare : botezare
creștinare : matur
creștinat : boteza
creștinat : mahomedan
creștindemocrat : democrat-creștin
creștinism : creștinătate
creștinism : cruce
creștinism : apărut
crețișoare : brumărie
crețișoare : umbrarul-doamnei
crețișoară : brumărie
crețișoară : umbrarul-doamnei
crețușcă : caprifoi
crețușcă : pepenea
crețușcă : barba-caprei
criant : izbitor
criant : puternic
criant : strident
criant : țipător
criant : violent
cric : vinci
cric : vârtej
cricetus : cricetus
cricetus : grivan
cricetus : hamster
cricetus : ciureci
cricetus : mișun
criminal : asasin
criminal : bandit
criminal : omorâtor
criminal : homicid
criminal : ucigător
criminal : criminalist
criminal : omucid
criminal : războinic
criminal : nelegiuit
criminal : criminalicesc
criminalist : criminal
criminalist : omorâtor
criminalitate : banditism
crimo : asasinat
crimo : moarte
crimo : omorâre
crimo : omucid
crimo : ucidere
crimo : homicid
crimo : sângi
crimo : pentru
crimă : asasinat
crimă : moarte
crimă : omorâre
crimă : omucid
crimă : ucidere
crimă : homicid
crimă : sângi
crimă : pentru
crin : lilie
crin : liliom
crin : pădure
crin : aișor
crin : fiere
crin : ai-de-pădure
crin : roșie
crin : stânjen
crin : crinul-fânului
crin : dreț-galben
crin : crinoid
crin : denumește
crinolină : malacof
criofil : psihrofil
crisoterapie : auroterapie
crisoterapie : folosește
crisoterapie : afecțiunile
crispa : contracta
crispa : încleșta
crispa : zgârci
crispa : furia
crispare : contractare
crispare : crispație
crispare : încleștare
crispat : contractat
crispat : încleștat
crispula : opintici
crispula : barba-caprei
crispus : ștevie
crispus : crestățea
crispus : limba-boului
cristal : cleștar
cristal : pahar
cristalin : limpede
cristalin : nealterat
cristalit : grăunte
cristalit : cristalin
cristalizare : cristalizație
cristalizator : cristalizor
cristata : creștet
cristata : culme
cristata : muchie
cristata : spinare
cristata : creasta-cocoșului
cristata : meloșel
cristata : opintic
cristata : tocmăgel
cristata : barba-caprei
cristatus : creasta-cocoșului
cristatus : iarba-cerbilor
cristatus : iarba-câinelui
cristelniță : baptisteriu
cristelniță : scăldătoare
cristelniță : folosește
criteriu : principiu
critic : agitat
critic : frământat
critic : tulbure
critic : zbuciumat
critic : periculos
critic : primejdios
critica : cârti
critica : scutura
criticare : cârti
criticare : scutura
criticat : cârti
criticat : scutura
critică : obiecție
critică : observație
critică : observare
critică : unele
critică : lectura
crivea : cârlig
crivea : clește
crivea : întinzător
crivea : întorcător
crivea : schimbătoare
crivea : slobozitor
crivi : îmbuiba
crivăț : franțuzism
crivăț : acvilon
criza : recesiune
criza : chesat
criza : acces
criza : puseu
criza : astăzi
criza : paroxism
criza : nebunie
crizantemă : indicum
crizantemă : roman
crizantemă : gura-paharului
crizantemă : romaniță-mare
crizantemă : salomii-galbene
criză : recesiune
criză : chesat
criză : acces
criză : puseu
criză : astăzi
criză : paroxism
criză : nebunie
croat : arvat
croată : arvat
crocus : brândușei
crocus : ghicitori
crocus : ceapa-ciorii
crocus : floarea-brumei
crocus : ruscea
crocus : heuffelianus
crocus : mițuvele
crocus : șofran
crocus : șofrănel
crocus : șofran-vărgat
crocus : șofran-galben
crohmălire : scrobire
croit : croire
croit : săbăire
croit : săbăit
croitor : vestul
croitor : cerdo
cromare : cromaj
cromatică : colorit
cromoplast : cromatoplast
cromozom : cromozom
croncănit : croncănire
cronica : hronic
cronicar : cronograf
cronică : hronic
cronologic : diacronic
cronologic : evolutiv
cronologic : istoric
cronometrare : cronometraj
cronometrare : curse
crosă : cârja
crosă : aortei
crotalus : ofidian
crotalus : gândac
crotalus : pește
crotalus : șarpe-cu-clopoței
crotalus : horridus
crotalus : șarpe-sunător
crotalus : șarpe-orb
crotalus : terrestris
crotalus : iulus
crotalus : calea-rătăciților
crov : găvan
croșeta : ștricăni
croșetare : ștricăni
croșetat : ștricăni
croșete : cârligel
croșete : pentru
croșetă : cârligel
croșetă : pentru
cruce : intersecție
cruce : încrucișare
cruce : întretăiere
cruce : jumătate
cruce : răscruce
cruce : răspântie
cruce : spatie
cruci : minuna
cruci : încruci
cruci : pocozi
cruci : ciudi
cruciat : crijac
crucire : minuna
crucire : încruci
crucire : pocozi
crucire : ciudi
crucit : consternat
crucit : minunat
crucit : perplex
crucit : stupefiat
crucit : surprins
crucit : uimit
crucit : uluit
crucit : interzis
crucit : rămas
cruciș : cruce
cruciș : așezat
cruciș : calea
crucișă : cruce
crud : necopt
crud : verde
crud : implacabil
crud : necruțător
crud : neiertător
crud : neînduplecat
crud : neîndurător
crud : nemilos
crud : nemilostiv
crud : inexorabil
crud : neîndurat
crud : nemiluit
crud : nemilostivitor
crud : nemilostivnic
crud : vitreg
crug : ciclu
crug : firmament
crumpenă : nap-porcesc
crunta : însângera
cruntare : sângerare
cruntare : sângerat
crup : gușter
crup : pseudocrup
crupe : bulgur
crupe : fierte
crusgalli : mohor-gros
crusgalli : bălur
crusgalli : belengher
crustă : facut
crut : menaja
crut : înconjura
crut : putea
cruzi : necopt
cruzi : verde
cruzi : implacabil
cruzi : necruțător
cruzi : neiertător
cruzi : neînduplecat
cruzi : neîndurător
cruzi : nemilos
cruzi : nemilostiv
cruzi : inexorabil
cruzi : neîndurat
cruzi : nemiluit
cruzi : nemilostivitor
cruzi : nemilostivnic
cruzi : vitreg
cruzie : barbarie
cruzie : brutalitate
cruzie : cruzime
cruzie : ferocitate
cruzie : neîndurare
cruzie : neomenie
cruzie : răutate
cruzie : sălbăticie
crușeală : argăsire
crușeală : argăsit
crușeală : tăbăcire
crușire : argăsire
crușire : argăsit
crușire : tăbăcire
crușân : lemn-câinesc
crușân : salba-dracului
crușân : salbă-moale
cruța : menaja
cruța : înconjura
cruța : putea
cruțare : menajare
cruțare : cuiva
cruțat : menaja
cruțat : înconjura
cruțat : putea
crypsis : iarba-vătămăturii
crâmpot : fragment
crâmpoți : sfârteca
crâmpoțire : sfârteca
crâmpoțit : sfârteca
crâncenie : barbarie
crâncenie : brutalitate
crâncenie : cruzime
crâncenie : ferocitate
crâncenie : neîndurare
crâncenie : neomenie
crâncenie : răutate
crâncenie : sălbăticie
crâncenit : aspru
crâncenit : crâncen
crâncenit : crunt
crâncenit : cumplit
crâncenit : încrâncenat
crâncenit : îndârjit
crâncenit : înverșunat
crâncenit : neîmpăcat
crâncenit : nepotolit
crâncenit : sângeros
crâncenit : vajnic
crânguleț : crângușor
crăciun : născut
crăcos : crenguros
crăcos : ramificat
crăcuros : crenguros
crăcuros : ramificat
crăcăna : crăci
crăcăna : răscrăcăna
crăcăna : te-ai
crăcănare : crăci
crăcănare : răscrăcăna
crăcănare : te-ai
crăcănat : crăcit
crăcănat : răscrăcănat
crăcănat : târșit
crăcănat : picioare
crăie : împărăție
crăie : monarhie
crăiesc : împărătesc
crăiesc : regal
crăime : împărăție
crăime : monarhie
crăiță : boance
crăiță : bofte
crăiță : ocheșele
crăpa : plesni
crăpa : pocni
crăpa : despica
crăpa : deschide
crăpcean : crăpuștean
crăpuștean : crăpcean
crăpăt : călduri
crăpăt : dogoare
crăpăt : năduf
crăpăt : pârjol
crăpăt : pojar
crăpăt : zăduf
crăstăval : crăpușnic
cu : modal
cu : începe
cu : focuri
cu : temporal
cu : instrumental
cu : înțeleg
cu : conținutul
cu : pahar
cuantifica : cuantiza
cuantificare : cuantiza
cuantificat : discontinuu
cuantificat : discret
cuaternar : antropogen
cub : hexaedru
cub : regulat
cubea : cămin
cubic : mașinat
cubic : cubicesc
cubică : mașinat
cubică : cubicesc
cuc : elatior
cuc : aglicel
cuc : țâța-oii
cuc : țâța-vacii
cuceri : ocupa
cuceri : prinde
cuceri : dobândi
cuceri : stăpâni
cuceri : lupte
cuceri : crâncene
cuceri : câștiga
cuceri : simpatia
cucerire : luare
cucerire : ocupare
cucerire : ocupație
cucerire : franțuzism
cuceritor : ocupant
cuceritor : supuitor
cuceritor : franțuzism
cuceritor : concherant
cuci : elatior
cuci : aglicel
cuci : țâța-oii
cuci : țâța-vacii
cucoară : greghetin
cucubalus : distrofie
cucubalus : bărbie
cucubalus : gușa-porumbului
cucui : lovit
cucui : făcut
cucuia : ridica
cuculeț : cucușor
cuculi : floarea-călugărului
cuculi : vaccaria
cuculi : spirea
cuculi : floarea-oștilor
cuculi : floarea-păsărilor
cuculi : floarea-vântului
cuculi : pâinea-paștelui
cuculi : floarea-raiului
cuculi : cinerariifolium
cuculi : mușețel
cuculi : edelvais
cuculi : flocoșele
cuculi : floarea-doamnei
cuculi : soarea-soarelui
cuculi : sora-soarelui
cuculi : răsarea-soarelui
cuculi : ruja-soarelui
cuculi : floare-de-leac
cuculi : bujorel
cuculi : galbenele
cuculi : piciorul-cocoșului
cuculi : nemuritoare
cuculi : vinului
cuculi : caimac
cuculi : cules
cuculi : lăsat
cucumea : cucuvaie
cucumis : pepene
cucurbita : pepene
cucurbita : bostan
cucurbita : dulete
cucurbita : ludaie
cucurig : bojoțel
cucurig : strecurătoare
cucurig : iarbă-de-curățenie
cucurigu : galerie
cucuruji : cojocel
cucuruz : cojocel
cucură : răsturnătoare
cucuta : barba-călugărului
cucute : pliscul-cocorului
cucută : barba-călugărului
cucuvea : cucuvaie
cucuvea : cucumea
cucuvea : pasărea-mortului
cucuvea : pasărea-sărăciei
cufureală : defecație
cufureală : diaree
cufureală : ieșire
cugetare : gândire
cugetare : meditare
cugetare : meditație
cugetare : reflectare
cugetare : reflecție
cugetare : reflexie
cugetare : schepsis
cugetăreț : filozof
cui : găvozd
cui : bătut
cuib : făcut
cuib : tulpinii
cuib : porumbului
cuibar : pentru
cuibare : pentru
cuiburi : făcut
cuiburi : tulpinii
cuiburi : porumbului
cuirasat : linie
cuiva : careva
cuiva : oarecare
cuiva : vreunul
cuiva : cinevașilea
cuiva : oarecine
cuiva : oareșicine
cuiva : neștine
cuișoare : câmp
cuișoriță : cuișoare
cuișoriță : rocoțel
cujbă : cocaie
cujbă : ceaunul
cujbă : deasupra
cula : tezaur
culbec : gastropod
culbeceasă : ghizdei
culbeceasă : trifoi
culbeceasă : trifoiaș-sălbatic
culbeci : gastropod
culca : tinde
culca : lungi
culca : trânti
culca : puțin
culca : așeza
culca : așterne
culca : întinde
culca : tăvăli
culca : pologi
culcare : culcat
culcare : întindere
culcare : lungire
culcare : trântire
culcare : doborâre
culcare : tăvălire
culcare : ierbii
culcat : întins
culcat : lungit
culcat : tolănit
culcat : trântit
culcat : răbunit
culcat : tologit
culcat : puțin
culcat : tăvălit
culegar : vingalac
culegar : colțar
culegar : compozitor
culege : câteva
culege : compune
culege : zețui
culege : materialul
culegere : concr
culegere : colecție
culegere : florilegiu
culegător : colecționar
culegător : zețar
culegătorie : zețărie
cules : compoziție
cules : compunere
cules : culegere
cules : zețuire
cules : zețuit
culinaris : cornee
culion : cuculiu
culion : către
culion : călugări
culisa : glisa
culisare : glisare
culisat : glisa
culisă : glisa
culme : rudar
culme : unele
culme : obiecte
culme : casele
culminant : maxim
culminant : desfășurarea
culminație : culminare
culmiș : creștet
culmiș : culme
culmiș : muchie
culmiș : spinare
culoare : jocul
culpabilizare : acuzație
culpabilizare : învinovățire
cult : citit
cult : cultivat
cult : educat
cult : instruit
cult : învățat
cult : școlit
cult : pedepsit
cult : politicit
cult : spudaxit
cult : sufletesc
culteranism : cultism
culteranism : gongorism
culteranism : apărut
cultism : culteranism
cultism : gongorism
cultiva : lucra
cultiva : crește
cultiva : practica
cultivare : lucrare
cultivare : lucrat
cultivare : practicare
cultivare : genului
cultivat : lucrat
cultivat : muncit
cultivator : extirpator
cultivator : scormonitor
cultivi : lucra
cultivi : crește
cultivi : practica
cultratus : rogoz
cultratus : săgețea
cultratus : secerele
cultratus : seceruie
cultratus : sabie
cultratus : bărcie
culturaliza : instrui
culturalizare : instruire
culturalizat : instrui
culturo : cultivare
culturo : creștere
cultură : cultivare
cultură : creștere
culă : tezaur
cum : interj
cum : temporal
cum : când
cum : codru
cum : cauzal
cum : deoarece
cum : știm
cum : modal
cum : palat
cum : comparativ
cum : precum
cum : interogativ
cum : poftim
cumen : izopropilbenzen
cuminte : chibzuit
cuminte : deștept
cuminte : inteligent
cuminte : înțelept
cuminți : astâmpăra
cuminți : domoli
cuminți : liniști
cuminți : potoli
cuminți : stăvi
cuminție : chibzuire
cuminție : cumințenie
cuminție : cumpătare
cuminție : docilitate
cuminție : înțelepciune
cuminție : minte
cuminție : moderație
cuminție : rațiune
cuminție : supunere
cumințire : astâmpăra
cumințire : domoli
cumințire : liniști
cumințire : potoli
cumințire : stăvi
cumințit : astâmpărat
cumințit : așezat
cumințit : chibzuit
cumințit : cuminte
cumințit : cumpătat
cumințit : domolit
cumințit : echilibrat
cumințit : liniștit
cumințit : potolit
cumințit : reținut
cumințit : rezervat
cumințit : serios
cumințit : sobru
cumințit : stăpânit
cumințit : temperat
cumnat : șogor
cumnat : sogoran
cumpli : suprima
cumpliciune : barbarie
cumpliciune : brutalitate
cumpliciune : cruzime
cumpliciune : ferocitate
cumpliciune : neîndurare
cumpliciune : neomenie
cumpliciune : răutate
cumpliciune : sălbăticie
cumplire : barbarie
cumplire : brutalitate
cumplire : cruzime
cumplire : ferocitate
cumplire : final
cumplire : încheiere
cumplire : neîndurare
cumplire : neomenie
cumplire : răutate
cumplire : sălbăticie
cumplire : sfârșit
cumplit : deplin
cumplit : integral
cumplit : întreg
cumplitate : calicenie
cumplitate : calicie
cumpăna : boloboc
cumpănă : boloboc
cumpăra : achiziționa
cumpăra : procura
cumpăra : târgui
cumpăra : surzui
cumpăra : scumpăra
cumpărare : achiziționare
cumpărare : cumpărat
cumpărare : luare
cumpărare : procurare
cumpărare : târguire
cumpărare : scumpărătoare
cumpărare : celor
cumpărătură : făcut
cumpărătură : unele
cumpăt : stăpânire
cumpăt : stăpânie
cumpăt : sânge
cumpăt : pierde
cumpătat : astâmpărat
cumpătat : așezat
cumpătat : chibzuit
cumpătat : cuminte
cumpătat : cumințit
cumpătat : domolit
cumpătat : echilibrat
cumpătat : liniștit
cumpătat : potolit
cumpătat : reținut
cumpătat : rezervat
cumpătat : serios
cumpătat : sobru
cumpătat : stăpânit
cumpătat : temperat
cumpătat : pașnic
cumpătat : tihnit
cumsecade : omenește
cumul : cumulare
cumva : oarecum
cumva : apreciere
cumva : eventual
cumva : poate
cumva : cândai
cumătră : pliscul-cocorului
cumătră : pliscul-cucoarei
cunoaște : pricepe
cunoaște : stăpâni
cunoaște : vedea
cunoaște : perfecție
cunoaște : multe
cunoaște : poseda
cunoaște : limbi
cunoaște : înțelege
cunoaște : observa
cunoaște : remarca
cunoaștere : înțelegere
cunoaștere : percepție
cunoaștere : pricepere
cunoaștere : știre
cunoaștere : stăpânire
cunoaștere : multor
cunoaștere : posedare
cunoscut : știut
cunoscut : curent
cunoscut : frecvent
cunoscut : obișnuit
cunoscut : răspândit
cunoscut : uzual
cunoscut : expresie
cunoscut : familiar
cunoscător : astăzi
cunoscător : știutor
cunoscător : limbii
cunoștință : concr
cunoștință : relație
cununa : căsători
cununa : nunti
cununare : căsători
cununare : nunti
cununat : căsătorit
cununat : căpătuit
cununie : căsătorie
cununie : nuntire
cununie : nuntit
cununie : biserica
cununie : pirostrie
cununie : pentru
cununiță : caprifoi
cununiță : teișor
cununiță : ciritel
cunună : flori
cuperoză : acnee
cuperoză : rozacee
cupid : apucător
cupid : lacom
cupid : neîndestulat
cupido : apucător
cupido : lacom
cupido : neîndestulat
cupit : calic
cupla : acupla
cuplare : cuplaj
cuplare : acuplare
cuplat : acuplat
cuplu : cuplu
cuplu : termoelectric
cuplu : termocuplu
cuplă : acupla
cupolă : sclip
cupolă : turcism
cupolă : cubea
cupon : margine
cupon : material
cupra : arămi
cupra : obiect
cuprare : arămire
cuprat : arămit
cuprat : metalic
cupressus : cipru
cuprinde : apuca
cuprinde : conține
cuprinde : include
cuprinde : îngloba
cuprinde : intra
cuprinde : merge
cuprinde : prinde
cuprinde : vedea
cuprinde : ochii
cuprinde : răzbi
cuprinde : răzbate
cuprindere : cotropire
cuprindere : cuprins
cuprindere : invadare
cuprindere : invazie
cuprindere : încălcare
cuprindere : întindere
cuprindere : întins
cuprindere : materie
cuprindere : năpădire
cuprindere : spațiu
cuprins : întindere
cuprins : întins
cuprins : spațiu
cuprins : teritoriu
cuprins : cuprindere
cuprins : perimetru
cuprins : conținut
cuprins : marea
cuprins : materie
cuprins : sumar
cuprins : materii
cuprins : registru
cuprins : grecism
cuprins : pinax
cuproxid : cupru
cuptor : șparhat
cuptor : mașina
cupă : trofeu
cupă : câștigat
cupă : roata
cupă : cupa-vacii
cur : popou
cura : căuta
cura : despăduri
cura : dezghioca
cura : disculpa
cura : distruge
cura : îngriji
cura : justifica
cura : nimici
cura : potopi
cura : prăpădi
cura : scuza
cura : sfărâma
cura : trata
cura : zdrobi
curabil : benign
curabil : ușor
curabil : vindecabil
curai : salcicorn
curaj : bărbăție
curaj : dârzenie
curaj : încumetare
curaj : neînfricare
curaj : semeție
curaj : temeritate
curaj : intrepiditate
curaj : cutezare
curaj : suflet
curaj : voinicie
curaj : dârzie
curaj : îndrăznire
curaj : mărinimie
curaj : semețire
curaj : grecism
curaj : taros
curaj : acțiunile
curajos : cutezător
curajos : dârz
curajos : inimos
curajos : neînfricat
curajos : viteaz
curajos : intrepid
curajos : petulant
curajos : temerar
curajos : bărbat
curajos : voinic
curajos : hrăbor
curajos : neînfricoșat
curajos : bărbătesc
curajos : vitejesc
curajos : bărbătos
curajos : bărbătește
curajos : eroic
curajos : vitejește
curajos : voinicește
curajos : luptat
curar : bucar
curar : vânar
curar : hamut
curar : cureaua
curar : vânării
curar : parte
curara : căuta
curara : despăduri
curara : dezghioca
curara : disculpa
curara : distruge
curara : îngriji
curara : justifica
curara : nimici
curara : potopi
curara : prăpădi
curara : scuza
curara : sfărâma
curara : trata
curara : zdrobi
curare : căuta
curare : despăduri
curare : dezghioca
curare : disculpa
curare : distruge
curare : îngriji
curare : justifica
curare : nimici
curare : potopi
curare : prăpădi
curare : scuza
curare : sfărâma
curare : trata
curare : zdrobi
curarisi : îngriji
curarisire : îngriji
curarisit : îngriji
curat : nepătat
curat : neîntinat
curat : spălat
curat : îngrijit
curat : neamestecat
curat : nealterat
curat : nestricat
curat : nevătămător
curat : neviciat
curat : oxigenat
curat : ozonat
curat : purificat
curat : salubru
curat : sănătos
curate : nepătat
curate : neîntinat
curate : spălat
curate : îngrijit
curate : neamestecat
curate : nealterat
curate : nestricat
curate : nevătămător
curate : neviciat
curate : oxigenat
curate : ozonat
curate : purificat
curate : salubru
curate : sănătos
curativ : lecuitor
curativ : tămăduitor
curativ : vindecător
curba : îndoi
curba : frânge
curbat : încovoiat
curbat : îndoit
curbat : răsucit
curbat : strâmb
curbatură : deșelare
curbură : arcuire
curbă : viraj
curbă : vehiculul
curcan : corcodan
curcan : puicoi
curcan : tutcan
curcani : corcodan
curcani : puicoi
curcani : tutcan
curci : femela
curcubetă : pepene
curcubeu : brâul-cerului
curcubeu : brâul-popii
curcubeu : curuna-cerului
curcubeu : flocoșele
curcubeu : barba-împăratului
curcubeu : floarea-cununii
curcubețea : clematitis
curcubețea : lepădătoare
curcubețea : fasolea-cioarei
curcubețea : lingura-frumoaselor
curcubețea : lingura-popii
curcubețea : mărul-lupului
curcă : femela
cure : curge
curechiță : fluture
curelușe : turcism
curelușă : turcism
curelărie : sighiartărie
curere : curge
cureți : elimina
cureți : îndepărta
cureți : înlătura
cureți : murdăria
cureți : obiect
cureți : fruct
curge : astăzi
curge : scurge
curge : merge
curge : râura
curge : purcede
curge : trece
curge : pietrele
curge : picura
curge : prelinge
curge : lacrimi
curgător : mergător
curi : căuta
curi : despăduri
curi : dezghioca
curi : disculpa
curi : distruge
curi : îngriji
curi : justifica
curi : nimici
curi : potopi
curi : prăpădi
curi : scuza
curi : sfărâma
curi : trata
curi : zdrobi
curier : mesager
curier : olăcar
curier : menzil
curier : tabelar
curier : tătar
curier : vătășel
curier : sosit
curiozitate : ciudățenie
curiozitate : grecism
curiozitate : paraxenie
curiozitate : unele
curiozitate : raritate
curma : întrerupe
curma : reteza
curma : stăvili
curma : poate
curma : scandalul
curmal : finic
curmală : fructul
curmare : întrerupere
curmare : oprire
curmare : stăvilire
curmat : întrerupe
curmat : reteza
curmat : stăvili
curmat : poate
curmat : scandalul
curmă : întrerupe
curmă : reteza
curmă : stăvili
curmă : poate
curmă : scandalul
curpen : munte
curpeni : munte
curpeniță : munte
curs : curent
curs : scurs
curs : cursoare
curs : interval
curs : răstimp
curs : vreme
curs : direcție
curs : neașteptat
curs : valoare
cursant : cursist
cursant : școala
cursiv : italic
cursiv : curent
cursor : glisor
cursă : deplasare
cursă : prima
cursă : camionul
cursă : comportat
curta : curteni
curtare : curteni
curtat : curteni
curte : arman
curte : batiște
curte : avlie
curte : conac
curte : curte
curtean : curtezan
curtean : dvorean
curtean : dvorelnic
curtean : dvorenin
curtean : monarh
curtean : ~enii
curtenie : atenție
curtenie : curtoazie
curtenie : galanterie
curtenitor : amabil
curtenitor : atent
curtenitor : galant
curtenitor : gentil
curtenitor : levent
curtenitor : cortez
curtenitor : libovnic
curtoazie : amabilitate
curtoazie : atenție
curtoazie : galanterie
curtoazie : curtenie
curtoazie : libov
curul : popou
curvar : desfrânat
curvar : destrăbălat
curvar : dezmățat
curvar : imoral
curvesc : preacurvi
curvește : preacurvi
curvi : preacurvi
curvire : preacurvi
curvit : preacurvi
curând : devreme
curând : grabnic
curând : imediat
curând : neîntârziat
curând : numai
curând : rapid
curând : repede
curând : tudila
curând : momentan
curând : nepristan
curând : minteni
curând : peșin
curând : techer-mecher
curând : întorci
cură : căuta
cură : despăduri
cură : dezghioca
cură : disculpa
cură : distruge
cură : îngriji
cură : justifica
cură : nimici
cură : potopi
cură : prăpădi
cură : scuza
cură : sfărâma
cură : trata
cură : zdrobi
curătură : nordul
curătură : săcsie
curăța : elimina
curăța : îndepărta
curăța : înlătura
curăța : murdăria
curăța : obiect
curăța : fruct
curățare : eliminare
curățare : îndepărtare
curățare : înlăturare
curățare : scoatere
curățare : murdăriei
curățare : purificare
curățare : purificație
curățat : purificat
curățat : lămurit
curățel : îngrijit
curățel : spălat
curățel : spălățel
curățel : acurat
curățel : scuturat
curățele : îngrijit
curățele : spălat
curățele : spălățel
curățele : acurat
curățele : scuturat
curățenie : salubritate
curățenie : salubrizare
curăți : jugăni
curăți : scopi
curăție : castitate
curăție : cinste
curăție : corectitudine
curăție : feciorie
curăție : incoruptibilitate
curăție : integritate
curăție : lealitate
curăție : neprihănire
curăție : nevinovăție
curăție : onestitate
curăție : pudicitate
curăție : pudoare
curățire : jugănire
curățire : jugănit
curățire : scopire
curățire : scopit
curățit : jugănit
curățit : scopit
curățătorie : spălătorie
cuscrie : cuscrenie
cuscrișor : mierea-ursului
cuscută : torțel
cuscută : borangic
cuscută : întorțel
cuscută : lipici
cuscută : steagul-zânelor
custură : karling
cusut : plăci
cusătură : cusut
cusătură : placi
cuta : pământului
cutanat : cutaneu
cutare : slavonism
cutare : imrec
cute : gresie
cute : arcer
cute : pentru
cute : ascuțit
cuteza : îndrăzni
cuteza : încumeta
cuteza : pofti
cutezare : curaj
cutezare : dârzenie
cutezare : încumetare
cutezare : neînfricare
cutezare : semeție
cutezat : îndrăzni
cutezat : încumeta
cutezat : pofti
cutie : sicriu
cutie : latinism
cutie : butonii
cutie : sertar
cutie : cutie
cutreier : colinda
cutreier : parcurge
cutreier : străbate
cutreier : vântura
cutreier : călca
cutreier : ocoli
cutreier : petrece
cutreier : răzbate
cutreier : plimba
cutreier : treiera
cutreier : plimbarisi
cutreiera : colinda
cutreiera : parcurge
cutreiera : străbate
cutreiera : vântura
cutreiera : călca
cutreiera : ocoli
cutreiera : petrece
cutreiera : răzbate
cutreiera : plimba
cutreiera : treiera
cutreiera : plimbarisi
cutreierat : colinda
cutreierat : parcurge
cutreierat : străbate
cutreierat : vântura
cutreierat : călca
cutreierat : ocoli
cutreierat : petrece
cutreierat : răzbate
cutreierat : plimba
cutreierat : treiera
cutreierat : plimbarisi
cutremur : seism
cutremur : zguduire
cutremur : ușor
cutremura : clăti
cutremura : scutura
cutremura : zdruncina
cutremura : zgudui
cutremura : smăcina
cutremura : clătina
cutremura : dudui
cutremura : tremura
cutremura : durdui
cutremura : ridica
cutremura : pereții
cutremura : când
cutremura : înfiora
cutremura : tresări
cutremurare : duduit
cutremurătură : clătinare
cutremurătură : clătinat
cutremurătură : cutremurare
cutremurătură : cutremurat
cutremurătură : scuturare
cutremurătură : scuturat
cutremurătură : zdruncinare
cutremurătură : zdruncinat
cutremurătură : zgâlțâire
cutremurătură : zgâlțâit
cutremurătură : zguduire
cutremurătură : zguduit
cutremurătură : seism
cutremurătură : simțit
cutră : lichea
cutră : netrebnic
cutră : pușlama
cutră : scârnăvie
cutumiar : consuetudinar
cutumă : consuetudine
cutumă : obicei
cutumă : tradiție
cută : godeu
cută : pliseu
cută : obiect
cută : scoarței
cuveni : cadra
cuveni : cădea
cuveni : trebui
cuveni : dostoi
cuveni : privi
cuvenire : cadra
cuvenire : cădea
cuvenire : trebui
cuvenire : dostoi
cuvenire : privi
cuvenit : datorit
cuviință : cădenie
cuviință : făcut
cuvânt : termen
cuvânt : zicere
cuvânt : boace
cuvânt : vorbire
cuvânt : intrat
cuvânt : cuvânt
cuvânta : declama
cuvânta : declara
cuvânta : mărturisi
cuvânta : recita
cuvânta : relata
cuvânta : rosti
cuvânta : spune
cuvânta : vorbi
cuvântar : lexicon
cuvântat : declama
cuvântat : declara
cuvântat : mărturisi
cuvântat : recita
cuvântat : relata
cuvântat : rosti
cuvântat : spune
cuvântat : vorbi
cuțit : șindel
cuțit : șuriu
cuțit : pentru
cuțit : tăiat
cuțit : bisturiu
cuțit : bătător
cuțit : condei
cuțit : cordenci
cuțitoaie : cioplitoare
cuțitoaie : mezdrea
cuțitoaie : dulgherului
cuțitoaie : cioplitor
cuțitoaie : potcovarul
cuțitoaie : copita
cuțitoi : mezdri
cuțitoi : sinălui
cvartal : microraion
cvartal : sector
cvartal : într-un
cvartet : cvatuor
cyanus : vinețea
cyanus : ghioc
cyanus : zglăvoc
cyanus : floarea-grâului
cyanus : floarea-paiului
cyclamen : hliban
cyclamen : cumpărat
cyclamen : pâinea-porcului
cyclamen : pita-porcului
cydonia : măr-gutui
cynara : scolim
cynara : carciofoi
cynoglossum : otrățel
cynoglossum : limba-câinelui
cynoglossum : plescaiță-roșie
cynosurus : creasta-cocoșului
cynosurus : iarba-cerbilor
cynosurus : iarba-câinelui
cypripedium : pantof
cypripedium : nordul
cypripedium : șlap
cypripedium : șlarf
cypripedium : calceolus
cypripedium : papucul-doamnei
cypripedium : roylei
cypripedium : pantofii-doamnei
cytisus : acățar
cytisus : liliac
cytisus : păsuiele
cytisus : vacație
cytisus : lemn-alb
cytisus : băgrin
cytisus : dafin
cytisus : pănar
cytisus : bobițel
cytisus : lemnul-bobului
cytisus : grozamă-mare
cytisus : salcâm-boieresc
cytisus : fructicosa
câine : lătrător
câine : molie
câine : mâța-popii
câine : larva
câine : fluturi
câine : dulăul
câine : cățelul
câinie : barbarie
câinie : brutalitate
câinie : cruzime
câinie : ferocitate
câinie : neîndurare
câinie : neomenie
câinie : răutate
câinie : sălbăticie
câinoșenie : barbarie
câinoșenie : brutalitate
câinoșenie : cruzime
câinoșenie : ferocitate
câinoșenie : neîndurare
câinoșenie : neomenie
câinoșenie : răutate
câinoșenie : sălbăticie
câmp : câmp
câmp : aisfild
câmp : asociativ
câmp : noțional
câmp : semantic
câmpean : pastoral
câmpean : rural
câmpean : rustic
câmpenesc : pastoral
câmpenesc : rural
câmpenesc : rustic
câmpenesc : țărănesc
câmpenesc : agrest
câmpenesc : campestru
câmpenesc : câmpean
câmpeni : pastoral
câmpeni : rural
câmpeni : rustic
câmpie : câmp
câmpie : cohalm
când : temporal
când : ne-am
când : odihnit
când : putem
când : codru
când : ceasul
când : te-am
când : văzut
când : cauzal
când : deoarece
când : știu
când : condițional
când : sfaturile
când : lacrimile
cândai : eventual
cândva : demult
cândva : oarecând
cândva : vedea
cânepar : pietroșel
cânepar : pasărea-cânepii
cânepioară : cannabinum
cânepioară : dumbravnic
cânepioară : cânepa-codrului
cânepărie : cânepiște
cânt : cântare
cânt : cântat
cânt : cântec
cânt : melodie
cânt : viers
cânt : superb
cânta : executa
cânta : interpreta
cânta : intona
cânta : glăsui
cânta : spune
cânta : viersui
cânta : glăsi
cânta : sufla
cântar : terezie
cântar : șlag
cântar : pentru
cântar : stabilirea
cântar : greutății
cântar : cântărire
cântar : cântărit
cântar : înșelat
cântec : compoziție
cântec : melodie
cântec : melopee
cântec : melos
cântec : englezism
cântec : foarte
cântec : cântec
cântăreală : cântărire
cântări : cumpăni
cântări : atârna
cântări : trage
cântări : apăsa
cântărire : măsurare
cântărit : cântar
cântărit : cântărire
cântărit : înșelat
câr : interj
cârcel : acățele
cârcel : plante
cârcel : slăbănog
cârciogar : gâlcevitor
cârciogar : scandalagiu
cârciumă : prepanație
cârciumăreasă : servea
cârciumăreasă : măciuci
cârcotaș : șicanator
cârcotaș : procesiv
cârcotaș : cârtitor
cârcotaș : gâlcevitor
cârcotaș : cârciogar
cârcoti : învrăjbi
cârcotire : învrăjbi
cârcotă : conflict
cârcotă : dezacord
cârcotă : dezbinare
cârcotă : diferend
cârcotă : discordie
cârcotă : discuție
cârcotă : disensiune
cârcotă : învrăjbire
cârcotă : litigiu
cârcotă : neînțelegere
cârjaliu : manaf
cârjaliu : trăiau
cârjancă : brama
cârje : sprijinit
cârje : cârja
cârje : aortei
cârje : crosa
cârjă : sprijinit
cârjă : cârja
cârjă : aortei
cârjă : crosa
cârligaș : cârligel
cârmaci : pilot
cârmeală : sinuozitate
cârmeală : șerpuire
cârneleagă : dulcele
cârneleagă : săptămâna
cârneleagă : cărnii
cârneleagă : clisei
cârneleagă : praguri
cârneleagă : hârții
cârnelegi : dulcele
cârnelegi : săptămâna
cârnelegi : cărnii
cârnelegi : clisei
cârnelegi : praguri
cârnelegi : hârții
cârni : întoarce
cârnire : cârmit
cârnire : cotire
cârnire : cotit
cârnire : viraj
cârnire : virare
cârnit : cârmit
cârnit : cotire
cârnit : cotit
cârnit : viraj
cârnit : virare
cârnitură : sinuozitate
cârnitură : șerpuire
cârnosi : sfârteca
cârnosire : sfârteca
cârnosit : sfârteca
cârpi : coase
cârpi : prinde
cârpi : țese
cârpi : ștopoli
cârpi : drege
cârpi : repara
cârpi : obiect
cârpire : coasere
cârpire : cusut
cârpire : prindere
cârpire : țesere
cârpire : găurii
cârpă : rantie
cârpă : ronghi
cârpă : praful
cârstov : sfintei
cârstov : cruci
cârteală : crâcnire
cârteală : murmur
cârti : certa
cârti : critica
cârti : crâcni
cârti : dăscăli
cârti : dojeni
cârti : învrăjbi
cârti : moraliza
cârti : murmura
cârti : mustra
cârti : plânge
cârti : protesta
cârti : sfârteca
cârti : sfâșia
cârtire : certa
cârtire : critica
cârtire : crâcni
cârtire : dăscăli
cârtire : dojeni
cârtire : învrăjbi
cârtire : moraliza
cârtire : murmura
cârtire : mustra
cârtire : plânge
cârtire : protesta
cârtire : sfârteca
cârtire : sfâșia
cârtit : certa
cârtit : critica
cârtit : crâcni
cârtit : dăscăli
cârtit : dojeni
cârtit : învrăjbi
cârtit : moraliza
cârtit : murmura
cârtit : mustra
cârtit : plânge
cârtit : protesta
cârtit : sfârteca
cârtit : sfâșia
cârtiță : sobol
cârtiță : mitorlan
cârtiță : șoarece-chior
cârtiță : mușuroi
cârâi : cicăli
cârâi : ciondăni
cârâi : dăscăli
cârâi : plictisi
cârâială : cârâit
cârâie : cicăli
cârâie : ciondăni
cârâie : dăscăli
cârâie : plictisi
cârâire : cicăli
cârâire : ciondăni
cârâire : dăscăli
cârâire : plictisi
câră : aurata
câteodată : uneori
câteodată : aorea
câtingan : alene
câtingan : binișor
câtingan : domol
câtingan : încet
câtingan : încetinel
câtingan : încetișor
câtingan : liniștit
câtva : nițel
câtva : oarecare
câtva : puțin
câtva : așteptat
câșiță : strepede
câșiță : carete
câșiță : brânza
câșlegi : fărșang
câștig : avantaj
câștig : beneficiu
câștig : profit
câștig : venit
câștig : mirișug
câștig : ghelir
câștig : product
câștig : afacere
câștig : chilipir
câștig : folos
câștiga : beneficia
câștiga : folosi
câștiga : profita
câștiga : nimic
câștiga : cuceri
câștiga : dobândi
câștiga : titlul
câștigare : cucerire
câștigare : dobândire
câștigare : titlu
câștigă : interes
câștigă : preocupare
câștigă : sinchisire
că : consecutiv
că : cauzal
că : căci
că : deoarece
că : adversativ
că : restrictiv
că : bărbatul
că : carul
că : femeia
că : poala
că : mi-oi
că : feșteli
că : concesiv
că : patru
că : picioare
că : temporal
că : când
că : ne-am
că : odihnit
că : putem
căcare : defecație
căcare : ieșire
căciuleală : ploconire
căciuli : ploconi
căciulie : gămălie
căciulire : ploconire
căcăniu : castaniu
căcări : defecație
căcări : ieșire
cădea : prăvăli
cădea : răsturna
cădea : poticni
cădea : înălțime
cădea : formând
cădea : scăpa
cădea : pâinea
cădea : sări
cădea : patru
cădea : nasturi
cădea : lăsa
cădea : așeza
cădea : așterne
cădea : depune
cădea : bruma
cădea : peste
cădea : ploaie
cădea : eșua
cădea : pieri
cădea : nimeri
cădea : potrivi
cădea : brodi
cădelnița : tămâia
cădelnița : cădi
cădelnițare : tămâiere
cădelnițat : tămâia
cădelnițat : cădi
cădelniță : afumătoare
cădelniță : tămâier
cădelniță : tămâietoare
cădere : picare
cădere : obiect
cădere : prăbușire
cădere : dărâmare
cădere : năruire
cădere : prăvălire
cădere : răsturnare
cădere : pământ
cădere : cădere
cădere : scăpare
cădere : ciocanului
cădere : eșec
cădere : insucces
cădere : fiasco
căi : regreta
căi : măcădui
căi : bănui
căi : șăinăli
căi : înfrânge
căi : jelui
căi : scârbi
căi : smeri
căi : pentru
căiesc : regreta
căiesc : măcădui
căiesc : bănui
căiesc : șăinăli
căiesc : înfrânge
căiesc : jelui
căiesc : scârbi
căiesc : smeri
căiesc : pentru
căire : regreta
căire : măcădui
căire : bănui
căire : șăinăli
căire : înfrânge
căire : jelui
căire : scârbi
căire : smeri
căire : pentru
căit : regreta
căit : măcădui
căit : bănui
căit : șăinăli
căit : înfrânge
căit : jelui
căit : scârbi
căit : smeri
căit : pentru
căișor : călușel
căișori : călușel
căiță : scufie
călare : încălecat
călare : călărește
călca : fecunda
călca : netezi
călca : piglui
călca : scăci
călca : teglăzi
călca : teglăzui
călcat : călcare
călcâi : barbur
călcâi : topor
călcâi : cuțit
călcâi : brotac
călcătoare : spusc
călcătoare : gardurile
călcător : apăsător
călcător : ceapraz
călcător : mașina
călcător : ceaprazar
călcător : zimțar
călcător : pentru
călcător : dinții
călcător : pânzei
călcător : scaunul
călduț : căldicel
călduț : căldișor
călduț : încropit
călduț : domol
căldărușă : cinci-clopoței
căldărușă : cinci-coade
călfuță : bătătoare
căli : oțeli
căli : tăișul
călifar : tadorna
călire : călit
călire : oțelire
călire : iuțire
căliscă : închisoare
căliscă : penitenciar
căliscă : pușcărie
călit : oțelit
călit : iuțit
călugăr : monah
călugăr : părinte
călugăresc : mănăstiresc
călugăresc : monahal
călugăresc : monahic
călugăresc : îngeresc
călugăresc : monastic
călugăresc : monahicesc
călugăresc : claustral
călugărește : monahicește
călugări : tunde
călugări : postrigi
călugărie : monahism
călugărie : monahie
călugărire : postrig
călugărit : tunde
călugărit : postrigi
călugăriță : monahie
călugăriță : mireasa
căluș : proțap
căluș : pentru
căluș : cuiva
căluș : scaun
căluș : scăunel
căluș : instrument
căluș : ițele
căluș : războiului
căluș : călușarii
căluș : către
călușar : flăcăul
călușar : călușul
călușar : către
călușari : flăcăul
călușari : călușul
călușari : către
călușeii : căișori
călușeii : carusel
călușel : război
călușel : moara
călușire : hotar
călușul : proțap
călușul : pentru
călușul : cuiva
călușul : scaun
călușul : scăunel
călușul : instrument
călușul : ițele
călușul : războiului
călușul : călușarii
călușul : către
căluț : căișor
căluț : călușel
căluț : căluț-de-mare
căluț : hippocampus
căluț : cal-de-mare
căluț : hipocamp
căluț : cobilițar
căluț : cosar
căluț : verde
căluțul : căișor
căluțul : călușel
căluțul : căluț-de-mare
căluțul : hippocampus
căluțul : cal-de-mare
căluțul : hipocamp
căluțul : cobilițar
căluțul : cosar
căluțul : verde
călâi : căldișor
călâie : căldișor
călâu : căldișor
călăfătui : calfata
călăfătui : puntea
călăfătuire : calfatare
călăfătuire : punții
călăfătuit : calfata
călăfătuit : puntea
călăresc : încăleca
călăreț : cavaler
călări : încăleca
călărie : călărit
călărire : încăleca
călător : pieritor
călător : schimbător
călător : temporar
călător : trecător
călători : colinda
călători : cutreiera
călători : peregrina
călători : umbla
călători : voiaja
călători : drumui
călători : strănici
călătorie : deplasare
călătorie : voiaj
călătorie : plimbare
călătorie : umblet
călătorire : colinda
călătorire : cutreiera
călătorire : peregrina
călătorire : umbla
călătorire : voiaja
călătorire : drumui
călătorire : strănici
călău : gâde
călău : torționar
călău : ucigător
călău : hingher
călău : hoher
călău : gealat
călău : măcelar
călău : speculator
călăuz : căpetenie
călăuz : comandant
călăuz : conducător
călăuz : mai-mare
călăuzi : conduce
călăuzi : ghida
călăuzi : îndruma
călăuzi : orienta
călăuzi : povățui
călăuzi : principii
călăuzi : dirija
călăuzi : sfătui
călăuzi : drege
călăuzi : năstăvi
călăuzi : iniția
călăuzi : introduce
călăuzi : cineva
călăuzi : într-un
călăuzire : inițiere
călăuzire : introducere
călăuzire : cuiva
călăuzit : conduce
călăuzit : ghida
călăuzit : îndruma
călăuzit : orienta
călăuzit : povățui
călăuzit : principii
călăuzit : dirija
călăuzit : sfătui
călăuzit : drege
călăuzit : năstăvi
călăuzit : iniția
călăuzit : introduce
călăuzit : cineva
călăuzit : într-un
călăuză : îndrumător
călăuză : povățuitor
călăuză : sfătuitor
călăuză : sfetnic
călăuză : mentor
călăuză : tocmitor
călăuză : servește
călăuză : drept
cămară : chelar
cămară : șpais
cămilă : corabia
cămilă : deșertului
cămin : șemineu
cămin : aprins
cămăruță : cămăruie
cămătar : camatnic
cămătar : cămătarnic
cămătar : ciufut
cămătar : mamelegiu
cămătar : privătar
cămătar : uzurar
cămătar : zaraf
cămătăresc : uzurar
cămătărie : cămătnicie
cămătărie : zărăfie
căni : canceu
căniță : cănățuie
căpetenie : conducător
căpetenie : vătaf
căpețea : căpățan
căpia : înnebuni
căpia : sminti
căpiat : dement
căpiat : descreierat
căpiat : nebun
căpiat : smintit
căpie : înnebuni
căpie : sminti
căpiere : înnebuni
căpiere : sminti
căpitan : căpetenie
căpitan : comandant
căpitan : conducător
căpitan : mai-mare
căpița : claie
căpița : porcoi
căpița : porcan
căpița : boaghe
căpița : porculean
căpița : porculete
căpița : porșog
căpița : porșor
căpiță : claie
căpiță : porcoi
căpiță : porcan
căpiță : boaghe
căpiță : porculean
căpiță : porculete
căpiță : porșog
căpiță : porșor
căpos : îndărătnic
căpos : recalcitrant
căprior : martac
căprior : cafer
căprior : suport
căpriori : martac
căpriori : cafer
căpriori : suport
căprui : castaniu
căprui : căpriu
căptuși : dubla
căptușire : dublare
căptușit : dubla
căpui : înșfăca
căpuire : înșfăca
căpuit : înșfăca
căput : mintean
căputa : încăputa
căputa : însura
căputa : ciorapii
căputare : încăputa
căputare : însura
căputare : ciorapii
căputat : încăputa
căputat : însura
căputat : ciorapii
căpută : soiuz
căpușa : păduche
căpușa : bătucel
căpușa : cârcel
căpușa : țeche
căpușa : muscă-de-cal
căpușa : ricin
căpușe : păduche
căpușe : bătucel
căpușe : cârcel
căpușe : țeche
căpușe : muscă-de-cal
căpușe : ricin
căpușă : păduche
căpușă : bătucel
căpușă : cârcel
căpușă : țeche
căpușă : muscă-de-cal
căpușă : ricin
căpăstru : căpățan
căpăstru : întinzător
căpăstru : strunea
căpăstru : teica
căpăta : primi
căpăta : câștiga
căpăta : dobândi
căpăta : încasa
căpăta : obține
căpătat : primi
căpătat : câștiga
căpătat : dobândi
căpătat : încasa
căpătat : obține
căpătui : cineva
căpătâi : creștet
căpătâi : podval
căpățânos : îndărătnic
căpățânos : recalcitrant
căpățână : căciulie
căpățână : ciochie
căpățână : scăunoaia
căra : purta
căra : transporta
căra : cărăbăni
căra : podvodări
căra : transportarisi
căra : sanitari
cărat : cărare
cărat : ducere
cărat : purtare
cărat : transport
cărat : transportare
cărat : cuiva
cărbunar : mangalagiu
cărbunar : mangalar
cărbunar : mangalizator
cărbunar : bocșer
cărbunar : săhălbar
cărbunari : mangalagiu
cărbunari : mangalar
cărbunari : mangalizator
cărbunari : bocșer
cărbunari : săhălbar
cărbune : negru
cărbune : mangal
cărbune : folosit
cărbune : drept
cărbune : tăciune
cărbune : baraboi
cărbune : bănișor
cărnos : musculos
cărnos : miezos
cărnos : pulpos
cărnoși : musculos
cărnoși : miezos
cărnoși : pulpos
cărnui : descărna
cărnuire : descărnare
cărnărie : cărnăraie
cărpiniș : cărpinet
cărpiniță : sfineac
cărpănos : calic
cărpănoșenie : calicenie
cărpănoșenie : calicie
cărpănoșie : calicenie
cărpănoșie : calicie
cărticică : cărticea
cărticică : cărțulie
cărticică : tartaj
cărturărie : instrucție
cărturărie : pregătire
cărucean : landou
cărucior : landou
cărucior : cărucean
cărucior : pentru
cărucior : copiii
cărunt : încărunțit
cărunt : spicat
cărunt : părul
cărunta : încărunțit
cărunta : spicat
cărunta : părul
căruță : cocie
cărăbaș : pescar-râzător
cărăbuș : melolontha
cărăbuș : bondar
cărăbuș : gândac-de-mai
cărăbuș : cărăbușel
cărăbuș : hrișcar
cărăbușel : solstitialis
cărăbăni : purta
cărăbănire : purta
cărăbănit : purta
cărămidar : teglar
cărămidărie : teglărie
cărăușie : cărăușit
cărăușie : harabagie
cărăușie : sechereșie
cărăușie : sechereșit
căsar : gospodar
căsaș : gospodar
căsca : deschide
căsca : adânci
căsca : scobi
căsnicesc : conjugal
căsnicie : căsătorie
căsnicie : menaj
căsnicie : mariaj
căsnicie : matrimoniu
căsnicie : gospodărie
căsnicie : însoțire
căsnicie : maritagiu
căsnicie : grecism
căsnicie : sinichesion
căsăpi : distruge
căsăpi : extermina
căsăpi : masacra
căsăpi : măcelări
căsăpi : nimici
căsăpi : prăpădi
căsăpi : sfârteca
căsăpi : sfâșia
căsăpire : distrugere
căsăpire : exterminare
căsăpire : masacrare
căsăpire : măcelărire
căsăpire : nimicire
căsăpire : sfârtecare
căsăpire : sfâșiere
căsăpit : distruge
căsăpit : extermina
căsăpit : masacra
căsăpit : măcelări
căsăpit : nimici
căsăpit : prăpădi
căsăpit : sfârteca
căsăpit : sfâșia
căsătoresc : conjugal
căsători : căpătui
căsători : toldui
căsători : căsătorit
căsătorie : căpătuire
căsătorie : cuiva
căsătorie : ofițerul
căsătorie : stării
căsătorie : mariaj
căsătorie : matrimoniu
căsătorie : contractat
căsătorie : făcut
căsătorie : unire
căsătorie : însoțire
căsătorie : luare
căsătorire : căpătui
căsătorire : toldui
căsătorire : căsătorit
cătană : oștean
cătinel : alene
cătinel : binișor
cătinel : domol
cătinel : încet
cătinel : încetinel
cătinel : încetișor
cătinel : liniștit
cătinel : tiptil
către : local
către : supra
către : înspre
către : despre
către : între
către : ațintește
către : privirea
către : temporal
către : asupra
către : înde
cătrăni : gudrona
cătrăni : fundul
cătrăni : smoli
cătrăni : obiect
cătrănire : gudronare
cătrănire : fundului
cătrănire : smolire
cătrănire : obiect
cătrănit : gudronat
cătrănit : smolit
cătun : sălășluire
cătunele : sălășluire
cătușa : fiare
cătușa : obezi
cătușa : verigi
cătușa : zăvoare
cătușa : bente
cătușa : piedici
cătușa : prins
cătușa : cebare
cătuși : fiare
cătuși : obezi
cătuși : verigi
cătuși : zăvoare
cătuși : bente
cătuși : piedici
cătuși : prins
cătuși : cebare
cătușă : fiare
cătușă : obezi
cătușă : verigi
cătușă : zăvoare
cătușă : bente
cătușă : piedici
cătușă : prins
cătușă : cebare
cătănesc : militar
cătănesc : milităresc
cătănesc : ostășesc
cătănește : ostășește
cătăni : înrola
cătănie : militărie
cătănie : serviciu
cătănie : militar
cătănire : înrola
cătănit : înrola
cătățime : câtime
căuta : peste
căuta : socoti
căuta : potrivit
căuta : pentru
căuta : răscoli
căuta : scormoni
căuta : scotoci
căuta : umbla
căuta : scodoli
căuta : scorbeli
căuta : cotili
căuta : cobârlui
căuta : scofeli
căuta : scorteli
căuta : sertare
căuta : lucrurile
căuta : vinde
căuta : întreba
căuta : interesa
căuta : ocupa
căuta : preocupa
căuta : vedea
căuta : treaba
căuta : griji
căuta : câștiga
căuta : toate
căuta : cerca
căuta : încerca
căuta : dezlegi
căuta : tatona
căuta : probălui
căuta : cerceta
căuta : examina
căuta : studia
căutare : cotrobăire
căutare : cotrobăit
căutare : scotocire
căutare : scotocit
căutare : cerere
căutare : afectare
căutare : artificialitate
căutare : manierism
căutare : patos
căutare : prețiozitate
căutare : retorism
căutare : stilul
căutat : afectat
căutat : artificial
căutat : forțat
căutat : nefiresc
căutat : nenatural
căutat : nesincer
căutat : prefăcut
căutat : silit
căutat : silnic
căutat : studiat
căutat : teatral
căutat : teatralist
căutat : atitudine
căuzaș : conspirator
căuș : cerealele
căuș : ispol
căuș : răscol
căznire : efort
căznire : forțare
căznire : sforțare
căznire : strădanie
căznit : schingiuit
căzut : năruit
căzut : prăbușit
căzut : prăvălit
căzut : răsturnat
căzăceasca : cazacioc
căzăceasca : popular
căzăcească : cazacioc
căzăcească : popular
căzăcesc : cazacioc
căzăcesc : popular
căzătură : cădere
căzătură : suferit
căzătură : mortăciune
cățel : limbajul
cățel : copiilor
cățel : cordenci
cățel : proptar
cățel : scaun
cățel : tocălie
cățel : războiul
cățeli : împerechea
cățeli : împreuna
cățelire : împerechea
cățelire : împreuna
cățăi : îndruga
cățăi : pălăvrăgi
cățăire : îndruga
cățăire : pălăvrăgi
cățăra : ridica
cățăra : găibăra
cățăra : aburca
cățăra : țuțuia
cățăra : burica
cățăra : cucuia
cățăra : pupuia
cățăra : suliga
cățărare : cocoțare
cățărare : ridicare
cățărare : suire
cățărare : urcare
cățărare : urcat
cățărat : ridica
cățărat : găibăra
cățărat : aburca
cățărat : țuțuia
cățărat : burica
cățărat : cucuia
cățărat : pupuia
cățărat : suliga
