Dale : lespede
Dale : curte
Daro : șarampoi
Delfinul : crucea
Delfinul : numele
Delfinul : constelații
Detunata : trăsnit
Domnia : cârmuire
Domnia : conducere
Domnia : diriguire
Domnia : guvernare
Domnia : stăpânire
Domnia : oblăduire
Domnia : chivernisire
Domnia : ocârmuire
Domnia : purtare
Domnia : purtat
Domnia : stăpânie
Domnia : vlădicie
Domnia : țării
Domnia : vremea
Domnia : scaun
Domnia : sceptru
Domnia : pierdut
Domniile : cârmuire
Domniile : conducere
Domniile : diriguire
Domniile : guvernare
Domniile : stăpânire
Domniile : oblăduire
Domniile : chivernisire
Domniile : ocârmuire
Domniile : purtare
Domniile : purtat
Domniile : stăpânie
Domniile : vlădicie
Domniile : țării
Domniile : vremea
Domniile : scaun
Domniile : sceptru
Domniile : pierdut
Donau : dărui
Donau : dănui
Dorna : vârtej
Dorna : vâltoare
Dragonul : constelație
Dragonul : emisfera
Duc : demon
Duc : diavol
Duc : epilepsie
Duc : încornoratul
Duc : naiba
Duc : necuratul
Dumbrava : rădiac
Dumbrava : rediu
Dumbrava : zăbran
Dumbrava : pădure
Duse : demon
Duse : diavol
Duse : epilepsie
Duse : încornoratul
Duse : naiba
Duse : necuratul
da : desigur
da : firește
da : turcism
da : helbet
da : mergi
dabilar : percepție
dabilă : bucluc
dabilă : cadavru
dabilă : dandana
dabilă : impozit
dabilă : mortăciune
dabilă : neajuns
dabilă : necaz
dabilă : nemulțumire
dabilă : nenorocire
dabilă : neplăcere
dabilă : nevoie
dabilă : pacoste
dabilă : pocinog
dabilă : schelet
dabilă : sistem
dabilă : stârv
dabilă : supărare
dac : către
dac : dacic
dac : getic
daca : către
daca : dacic
daca : getic
dactilografia : dactilo
dactilografie : dactilo
dactilologie : dactilofazie
dactylifera : finic
dacă : condițional
dacă : când
dacă : sfaturile
dacă : lacrimile
dacă : folos
dacă : temporal
dacă : cauzal
dacă : deoarece
dacă : știe
dacă : scrie
dacă : merge
dada : invar
dadaism : manifestat
dadaism : începutul
dadaism : secolului
daina : clătina
daina : legăna
daina : oscila
dairea : vuvuitoare
dairea : instrument
dairea : muzical
dajnic : contribuabil
dajnic : subiect
dakotas : invar
dakotas : sioux
dakotas : amerindiene
dala : lespede
dala : curte
dalac : aișor
dalac : răsfug
dalac : boaba-vulpii
dalac : mărul-lupului
dalac : poama-vulpii
dalac : strugurul-lupului
dalcauc : ciomăgar
dalmatic : dalmat
dalmatic : dalmatin
dalmatică : dalmat
dalmatică : dalmatin
daltă : scobitoare
dală : lespede
dală : curte
dambla : capriciu
dambla : fantezie
dambla : fason
dambla : ictus
dambla : apoplectic
dambla : paralizie
dame : jocul
damă : jocul
danac : băiețandru
danac : copilandru
danac : flăcăiandru
danac : fecior
danci : parpandel
danci : puradel
dandanaie : gălăgie
dandanaie : hărmălaie
dandanaie : huiet
dandanaie : năzbâție
dandanaie : năzdrăvănie
dandanaie : pocinog
dandanaie : scandal
dandanaie : șotie
dandanaie : tărăboi
dandanaie : trăsnaie
dandanaie : tumult
dandanaie : vacarm
dandanaie : vuiet
dang : interj
dangăt : dăngănit
dans : săltare
dansa : ajuca
dansa : dănțui
dansa : sălta
dansa : sări
dansa : peior
dansare : ajuca
dansare : dănțui
dansare : sălta
dansare : sări
dansare : peior
dansat : ajuca
dansat : dănțui
dansat : sălta
dansat : sări
dansat : peior
dansator : jucător
dansator : dănțuitor
dansator : într-un
dansator : ansamblu
dantela : cârligei
dantela : șlingherai
dantela : rețea
dantelat : spițărat
dantelă : cârligei
dantelă : șlingherai
dantelă : rețea
dantura : dentiție
dantură : dentiție
daphne : piperul-lupului
dar : desigur
darab : crâmpei
darab : fracțiune
darab : fragment
darab : parte
darab : porțiune
darab : secțiune
darac : dărăcitor
darac : scărmănătoare
darac : pieptene
darac : drâglu
darac : pentru
darac : scărmănat
darac : pieptănarea
daravere : belea
daravere : bucluc
daravere : chestiune
daravere : dandana
daravere : interese
daravere : neajuns
daravere : necaz
daravere : nemulțumire
daravere : nenorocire
daravere : neplăcere
daravere : nevoie
daravere : pacoste
daravere : pocinog
daravere : supărare
daraveră : belea
daraveră : bucluc
daraveră : chestiune
daraveră : dandana
daraveră : interese
daraveră : neajuns
daraveră : necaz
daraveră : nemulțumire
daraveră : nenorocire
daraveră : neplăcere
daraveră : nevoie
daraveră : pacoste
daraveră : pocinog
daraveră : supărare
dare : raport
dare : referat
dare : situație
dare : doclad
dare : otnoșenie
dare : tacrir
dare : rusism
dare : predstavlenie
dare : întocmit
dare : despre
darnic : culant
darnic : generos
darnic : mărinimos
darnic : munificent
darnic : galant
darnic : dăruitor
darnic : filotim
darnic : magnanim
darnic : marinim
darnic : galanton
darwinism : darwinism
darwinism : social-darwinism
darwinist : selecționist
darămite : încămite
darămite : nemite
darămite : necum
darămite : munte
darămite : întâlnește
dascal : paracliser
dascal : psalt
dascal : țârcovnic
dascal : cantor
dascal : eclisiarh
dascal : grămătic
dascal : preot
dascal : oficierea
dascăl : paracliser
dascăl : psalt
dascăl : țârcovnic
dascăl : cantor
dascăl : eclisiarh
dascăl : grămătic
dascăl : preot
dascăl : oficierea
dat : desigur
dat : firește
dat : turcism
dat : helbet
dat : mergi
data : exista
data : obicei
datare : exista
datare : obicei
datat : exista
datat : obicei
datină : obicei
datină : rând
datină : tradiție
datină : zacon
datină : predanie
datină : șart
datină : turcism
dator : îndatorat
dator : obligat
dator : acest
datorat : debitor
datori : îndatorat
datori : obligat
datori : acest
datorie : dator
datorie : îndatorire
datorie : plătit
datorie : credit
datorie : veresie
datorie : obligație
datorie : servitute
datorie : propria
datorință : îndatorire
datorință : însărcinare
datorință : obligație
datorită : grație
datorită : pentru
datornic : debitor
datornic : îndatoritor
datornic : platnic
datornic : plătit
datura : măslag
datura : borciu
datura : măselar
datura : turbare
datura : boii-pruncilor
datura : ciuma-fetei
datura : măr-ghimpos
datura : mărul-porcului
dată : veleat
dată : întâmplat
dată : termen
dată : vreme
dată : soroc
dată : sorocire
daucus : carota
daucus : moroc
daucus : sudul
daula : istovi
daunator : negativ
daunator : nociv
daunator : păgubitor
daunator : periculos
daunator : prejudiciabil
daunator : primejdios
daunator : stricător
daunator : vătămător
daunator : pernicios
daunator : pierzător
daunator : dăunăcios
daunator : dăunos
daunator : pagubnic
daunator : prejudicios
daunator : stricăcios
daunator : contraproductiv
daunator : ~oare
daunator : pentru
de : condițional
de : consecutiv
de : temporal
de : completiv
dea : desigur
dea : firește
dea : turcism
dea : helbet
dea : mergi
deală : acțiune
deală : lucru
deasupra : peste
deasupra : asupra
debandadă : dezordine
debandadă : dezorganizare
debandadă : neordine
debandadă : calamandros
debandadă : funcționarea
debarasa : descotorosi
debarasa : scăpa
debarasa : satul
debarasat : descotorosi
debarasat : scăpa
debarasat : satul
debarca : destitui
debarca : îndepărta
debarcader : ambarcader
debarcader : arsana
debarcader : vaporul
debarcare : destituire
debarcare : îndepărtare
debarcat : destitui
debarcat : îndepărta
debil : delicat
debil : firav
debil : fragil
debil : pirpiriu
debil : plăpând
debil : prizărit
debil : sfrijit
debil : slăbănog
debil : șubred
debil : pițigăiat
debil : mârșav
debil : ticălos
debil : gubav
debil : morânglav
debil : șiștav
debilita : slăbănogi
debilita : slăbi
debilita : șubrezi
debilita : șiștăvi
debilita : bietul
debilitare : șubrezire
debilitat : slăbănogi
debilitat : slăbi
debilitat : șubrezi
debilitat : șiștăvi
debilitat : bietul
debilitate : slăbiciune
debilitate : șubrezenie
debilitate : slăbănogie
debilitate : stare
debit : verbal
debita : recita
debita : rosti
debita : spune
debita : vorbi
debitant : tutungiu
debitant : traficant
debitare : declamație
debitare : recitare
debitat : recita
debitat : rosti
debitat : spune
debitat : vorbi
debloca : degaja
debloca : elibera
debloca : despresura
deblocare : degajare
deblocare : eliberare
deblocare : despresurare
deblocat : degajat
deblocat : despresurat
deburbare : deburbaj
debusola : descumpăni
debusola : dezorienta
debusola : încurca
debusolare : descumpănire
debusolare : dezorientare
debusolare : nedumerire
debusolare : perplexitate
debusolat : descumpănit
debusolat : dezorientat
debusolat : încurcat
debusolat : nedumerit
debusolat : perplex
debuta : începe
debuta : deschide
debutare : începe
debutare : deschide
decadă : deceniu
decadă : ultima
decalcare : calchiere
decalcare : desen
decalcare : hârtie
decalog : porunci
decantare : decantație
decapare : decapaj
decapita : descăpățâna
decapita : scurta
decapita : condamnat
decapitare : descăpățâna
decapitare : scurta
decapitare : condamnat
decapitat : scurtat
decarburare : decarburație
decava : ruina
decava : sărăci
decavare : sărăcire
decavat : sărăcit
decela : dezvălui
decelare : dezvălui
decelat : dezvălui
decembrie : îndrea
decembrie : neios
deceniu : ultimul
decent : pudic
decent : rușinos
decent : sfios
decent : comportare
decent : acceptabil
decent : onorabil
decid : determina
decid : stabili
decid : pecetlui
decid : meciului
decid : ultimele
decide : determina
decide : stabili
decide : pecetlui
decide : meciului
decide : ultimele
decidere : determina
decidere : stabili
decidere : pecetlui
decidere : meciului
decidere : ultimele
decima : zeciui
decima : secera
decimat : zeciui
decimat : secera
decimă : zeciui
decimă : secera
decizie : hotărâre
decizie : rezoluție
declara : comunica
declara : ziariștilor
declara : opina
declara : favoarea
declarare : comunica
declarare : ziariștilor
declarare : opina
declarare : favoarea
declarație : comunicare
declarație : publicație
declarație : destăinuire
declarație : mărturisire
declin : decădere
declin : regres
declin : descreștere
declin : scădenie
declin : scădere
declin : scăpătare
declin : crepuscul
declina : pleca
declinabil : plecat
declinabil : vorbire
declinare : declinație
declinare : flexiune
declinare : plecare
declinat : pleca
declinata : unghie
declinata : onixis
declinata : unghia-păsării
declinata : micșunele-de-munte
declinata : panseluțe-de-munte
decoct : decocție
decoct : floare
decoda : decodifica
decoda : mesaj
decodare : decodaj
decodare : decodificare
decodat : decodifica
decodat : mesaj
decolora : spălăci
decolora : serbezi
decolora : spălătoci
decolorare : ieșire
decolorare : spălăcire
decolorare : material
decolorat : spălăcit
decolorat : șters
decolorat : spălat
decolorat : spălătocit
decolorat : spălătuit
decolorat : ieșit
decolorat : material
decolorat : textil
decoltat : imoral
decoltat : impudic
decoltat : indecent
decoltat : necuviincios
decoltat : nerușinat
decoltat : obscen
decoltat : pornografic
decoltat : scabros
decoltat : scârbos
decoltat : trivial
decompresiune : decomprimare
deconcerta : descumpăni
deconcerta : dezorienta
deconcerta : încurca
deconcertare : descumpănire
deconcertare : dezorientare
deconcertare : nedumerire
deconcertare : perplexitate
deconcertat : descumpănit
deconcertat : dezorientat
deconcertat : încurcat
deconcertat : nedumerit
deconcertat : perplex
deconecta : decupla
deconecta : aparat
deconectare : decuplare
deconectare : aparat
deconectat : decupla
deconectat : aparat
decongelare : decongelație
decontare : decont
decopia : reproduce
decopiat : reproduce
decopiere : reproduce
decor : cadru
decor : scenărie
decora : medalia
decora : cineva
decora : pentru
decorat : medaliat
decorativ : ornamental
decorativ : ornant
decorație : tinichea
decorație : medalie
decorație : primit
decorație : pentru
decorație : ornamentație
decorticare : decorticație
decrepitudine : ramolire
decrepitudine : ramolisment
decrescendo : diminuendo
decret : pitac
decret : organului
decreta : dispune
decreta : prezenta
decreta : șeful
decreta : statului
decreta : proclama
decreta : starea
decretare : proclamare
decretare : stării
decretat : dispune
decretat : prezenta
decretat : șeful
decretat : statului
decretat : proclama
decretat : starea
decroșa : desprinde
decroșare : desprindere
decroșare : mașini
decroșat : desprinde
decumanus : guzgan
decumanus : chițcan
decumanus : chițoran
decumanus : cloțan
decumanus : gherlan
decumanus : ghiorțan
decumanus : grivan
decumanus : hârciog
decumanus : lostun
decumanus : miogârțan
decumanus : mitorlan
decumanus : mițorgan
decumanus : pășoi
decumanus : pâțoc
decumanus : popânzac
decumanus : poțoc
decumanus : sobol
decumanus : spurc
decumanus : țușcan
decumanus : zezeran
decumanus : potcan
decumanus : șobolan
decumanus : negru
decumanus : șobolan-moscat
decumanus : desman
decumanus : rattus
decupare : decupaj
decupare : decupat
decupare : scenariu
decurge : proveni
decurge : rezulta
decurge : purcede
decurge : curge
decurgere : proveni
decurgere : rezulta
decurgere : purcede
decurgere : curge
decurs : proveni
decurs : rezulta
decurs : purcede
decurs : curge
decădea : regresa
decădea : înapoia
decădea : scădea
decădea : scăpăta
decădea : retrograda
decădea : declasa
decădea : degrada
decădea : cauza
decădere : declasare
decădere : degradare
decădere : cuiva
decădere : cauza
decădere : corupere
decădere : depravare
decădere : pervertire
decădere : stricare
decădere : viciere
decădere : degradăție
decăzut : declasat
decăzut : degradat
decăzut : actor
dedat : aclimatizat
dedat : acomodat
dedat : deprins
dedat : familiarizat
dedat : obișnuit
dedat : într-un
dedat : mediu
dedesubt : deasupra
dedesubtul : nostru
dedesubtul : întinde
dedica : consacra
dedica : închina
dedica : cuiva
dedicat : consacra
dedicat : închina
dedicat : cuiva
dedicație : închinare
dedițel : dedițel-de-mare
dedițel : anemonă-de-mare
dedițel : trandafir-de-mare
dedu : prezuma
dedu : cunoaște
deduce : prezuma
deduce : cunoaște
deducere : prezuma
deducere : cunoaște
dedulci : spurca
dedulcire : spurca
dedus : prezuma
dedus : cunoaște
defavorabil : nefavorabil
defavorabil : nepotrivit
defavorabil : neprielnic
defavorabil : potrivnic
defavorabil : vitreg
defavorabil : nepriincios
defavorabil : negativ
defeca : căca
defeca : cufuri
defeca : scârnăvi
defeca : spurca
defecare : defecație
defecare : ieșire
defecare : purgație
defecare : căcare
defecare : purgare
defecare : eufemistic
defecare : scaun
defecat : căca
defecat : cufuri
defecat : scârnăvi
defecat : spurca
defect : cusur
defect : imperfecțiune
defect : neajuns
defect : păcat
defect : scădere
defect : slăbiciune
defect : viciu
defect : beteșug
defect : madea
defect : ponos
defect : lichea
defect : nedesăvirșire
defect : răutate
defect : nenumărate
defect : defectat
defect : deranjat
defect : dereglat
defect : stricat
defect : detracat
defect : smintit
defect : mecanism
defecta : deranja
defecta : deregla
defecta : strica
defecta : detraca
defecta : tehnic
defectare : dereglare
defectare : disfuncție
defectare : disfuncționalitate
defectiv : scăzățiv
defectuos : deficient
defectuos : vicios
defectuos : conformație
defecțiune : defect
defecțiune : defectare
defecțiune : deranjament
defecțiune : dereglare
defecțiune : disfuncționalitate
defecțiune : funcționarea
defensivă : apărare
deferență : atenție
deferență : cinste
deferență : cinstire
deferență : considerație
deferență : onoare
deferență : prețuire
deferență : respect
deferență : trecere
deferi : atribui
deferi : conferi
deferire : atribui
deferire : conferi
deferit : atribui
deferit : conferi
deficit : pierdere
deficitar : dezechilibrat
deficitar : buget
defige : preciza
defige : stabili
defini : caracteriza
defini : autocaracteriza
defini : autodefini
defini : veridic
defini : memoriile
definitiv : definitivat
definitiv : finisat
definitiv : irevocabil
definitiv : nestrămutat
definitiv : hotărâre
definitiv : iremediabil
definitiv : lucru
definitiva : finisa
definitiva : titulariza
definitiva : cineva
definitivare : finisaj
definitivare : finisare
definitivare : titularizare
definiție : definire
definiție : explicație
definiție : noțiunii
deflexiune : deviație
deflexiune : deviere
deflexiune : fascicul
deflocula : peptiza
deflocula : soluție
defloculare : peptizare
defloculare : precipitat
defloculat : peptiza
defloculat : soluție
deforma : strâmba
deforma : scofâlci
deforma : obiect
deforma : material
deforma : corupe
deforma : strica
deformare : strâmbare
deformare : scofâlcire
deformare : corupere
deformare : stricare
deformat : strâmb
deformat : scofâlcit
deformat : obiect
deformat : corupt
deformat : stricat
deformat : lexicale
deformație : deformare
defraudat : delapidat
defraudat : sustras
defrișa : despăduri
defrișa : lăzui
defrișa : teren
defrișare : defrișat
defrișare : despădurire
defrișare : sudul
defrișare : săciuit
defrișare : teren
defrișat : despădurit
defrișat : săciuit
defrișat : târșit
defătăciune : petrecere
degaja : emana
degaja : dezvolta
degaja : emite
degaja : produce
degaja : radia
degajare : emanație
degajare : dezvoltare
degajare : emanare
degajare : producere
degajare : radiere
degazolina : dezbenzina
degazolinare : dezbenzinare
degazolinat : dezbenzina
degeaba : inutil
degeaba : zadarnic
degeaba : geaba
degeaba : surda
degeaba : îndarn
degenerescent : degenerativ
degera : mijlocul
degerare : înghețare
degerat : înghețat
degerat : mereu
degetar : năpârstoc
degetar : pentru
degetar : degețel
degetar : țâța-oii
degetăruț : cănăfior
degetăruț : degetărea
degetăruț : măcrișul-caprei
degetăruț : degetărel
deghiza : travesti
deghiza : preface
deghiza : străvesti
deghiza : schimba
deghizare : travestire
deghizare : străvestire
deghizare : bărbat
degrabă : devreme
degrabă : grabnic
degrabă : imediat
degrabă : neîntârziat
degrabă : rapid
degrabă : repede
degrada : prosti
degradare : prostire
degradare : calității
degradare : decădere
degradare : declasare
degradare : cuiva
degradare : cauza
degradator : degradant
degradator : dezonorant
degradator : infamant
degradator : înjositor
degradator : nedemn
degradație : decădere
degradație : degradare
degradație : depravare
degradație : deteriorare
degradație : înjosire
degradație : învechire
degradație : pervertire
degradație : stricare
degradație : umilire
degradație : uzare
degresare : degresaj
degustare : degustație
degustare : savurare
dehobi : extenua
dehobi : frânge
dehobi : istovi
dehobi : secătui
dehobi : stoarce
dehobi : vlăgui
delapida : frauda
delapida : sustrage
delapida : sfeterisi
delapida : deturna
delapidare : defraudare
delapidare : sustragere
delapidare : sfeterisire
delapidare : grecism
delapidare : sfeterismos
delapidare : deturnare
delapidat : defraudat
delapidat : sustras
delapidator : defraudator
delecta : desfăta
delecta : dezmierda
delecta : teferici
delecta : îndulci
delecta : felul
delectat : desfăta
delectat : dezmierda
delectat : teferici
delectat : îndulci
delectat : felul
delegat : emisar
delegat : împuternicit
delegat : mesager
delegat : reprezentant
delegat : trimis
delegat : mânat
delegat : misit
delegat : rugător
delegat : solitor
delegație : împuternicire
delegație : mandat
delegație : abilitate
delegație : procurație
delegație : vechilet
delegație : vechilimea
delegație : grecism
delegație : pentru
delegație : solie
delegație : trimis
delegație : împăratului
delfin : crucea
delfin : numele
delfin : constelații
deli : acțiune
deli : lucru
delicat : grațios
delicat : scarandiv
delicat : dulce
delicat : gesturi
delicatețe : gingășie
delicatețe : grație
delicatețe : suavitate
delicatețe : pline
deliciosus : deliciosus
deliciu : savoare
delictual : delictuos
delictual : caracter
delimita : circumscrie
delimita : marca
delimita : hotărnici
delimita : limita
delimita : mărgini
delimita : semna
delimitare : circumscriere
delimitare : marcare
delimitare : demarcație
delimitare : hotărnicire
delimitare : limitare
delimitare : mărginire
delimitat : circumscris
delimitat : demarcat
delimitat : limitat
delimitat : mărginit
delimitat : teren
delimitat : finit
delimitativ : delimitator
delimitativ : limitativ
delimitativ : restrictiv
delintersare : lintersare
delintersare : semințelor
delir : aiurare
delir : delirare
delir : bâiguire
delir : bolnav
delira : aiura
delira : bâigui
delira : cauza
delire : aiurare
delire : delirare
delire : bâiguire
delire : bolnav
delniță : jirebie
delniță : sesie
delniță : proprietate
delniță : numele
deloc : defel
deloc : nicicum
deloc : nicidecum
deloc : necum
deloc : nimic
deloc : nicicacum
delătura : înlătura
delătura : scoate
delăturare : înlătura
delăturare : scoate
delăturat : înlătura
delăturat : scoate
demara : porni
demarare : demaraj
demarare : pornire
demarat : porni
demaror : pornitor
demasca : autodemasca
demasca : trăda
demascare : autodemascare
demascare : trădare
demascat : autodemasca
demascat : trăda
demență : precoce
demersum : brădet
demersum : cosor
demersum : frunza-cerei
demisie : paretisire
demisie : paretisis
demisie : prostire
demisiona : paretisi
demisiona : prosti
demisionare : paretisi
demisionare : prosti
demisionat : paretisi
demisionat : prosti
demistifica : demitiza
demistificare : demitizare
demistificat : demitiza
demn : vrednic
demn : respectabil
demn : purtare
demn : mândru
demnitar : dregător
demnitar : ureadnic
demnitar : înalt
demnitate : poziție
demnitate : dregătorie
demnitate : ședere
demnitate : vrednicie
demobiliza : deprima
demobilizare : depresiune
demobilizare : deprimare
demobilizat : deprimat
demobilizator : demoralizator
demobilizator : deprimant
demobilizator : descurajant
demola : dărâma
demolare : dărâmare
demolat : dărâmat
demoniac : diabolic
demoniac : diavolesc
demoniac : drăcesc
demoniac : infernal
demoniac : necurat
demonicesc : diabolic
demonicesc : diavolesc
demonicesc : drăcesc
demonicesc : infernal
demonicesc : necurat
demonstra : dovedi
demonstra : indica
demonstra : proba
demonstra : marca
demonstra : evenimentelor
demonstra : manifesta
demonstra : argumenta
demonstra : întări
demonstra : temeinic
demonstra : arăta
demonstra : explica
demonstra : expune
demonstra : etala
demonstrare : argumentare
demonstrare : argumentație
demonstrare : ideilor
demonstrare : explicare
demonstrare : explicație
demonstrativ : exemplificativ
demonstrativ : ilustrativ
demonstrativ : arătător
demontare : demontat
demontat : desfăcut
demontat : dintr-un
demoralizație : depresiune
demoralizație : deprimare
denatura : altera
denatura : contraface
denatura : deforma
denatura : escamota
denatura : falsifica
denatura : măslui
denatura : mistifica
denatura : răstălmăci
denatura : silui
denatura : sminti
denatura : strâmba
denatura : sensul
denatura : adevărul
denatura : celor
denatura : spuse
denaturare : alterare
denaturare : deformare
denaturare : escamotare
denaturare : falsificare
denaturare : mistificare
denaturare : mistificație
denaturare : răstălmăcire
denaturare : siluire
denaturare : spuse
denaturat : alterat
denaturat : deformat
denaturat : mistificat
denaturat : răstălmăcit
denaturat : afirmație
dendrologie : dendrografie
dendrometrie : taxație
denega : refuza
denega : respinge
denegare : refuza
denegare : respinge
denegat : refuza
denegat : respinge
denota : arăta
denota : atesta
denota : indica
denota : releva
denota : trăda
denota : vădi
denota : întocmit
denota : autorului
denotare : arăta
denotare : atesta
denotare : indica
denotare : releva
denotare : trăda
denotare : vădi
denotare : întocmit
denotare : autorului
denotat : arăta
denotat : atesta
denotat : indica
denotat : releva
denotat : trăda
denotat : vădi
denotat : întocmit
denotat : autorului
densitate : desime
dentar : stomatologic
dentaria : creasta-cocoșului
dentină : ivoriu
dentist : stomatolog
dentiță : cârligior
dentiță : iarbă-roșie
dentiță : păduchi-de-țigan
denudare : denudație
denumit : intitulat
denumit : numit
denumit : poreclit
denumit : supranumit
denumit : titluit
denunț : denunțare
denunț : delațiune
denunț : sicofantie
denunț : turnare
denunț : adresat
denunța : reclama
denunța : spune
denunța : vinde
denunța : ponoslui
denunța : jelui
denunța : vădi
denunța : aranja
denunța : turna
denunțat : reclama
denunțat : spune
denunțat : vinde
denunțat : ponoslui
denunțat : jelui
denunțat : vădi
denunțat : aranja
denunțat : turna
denunțător : pârâtor
denunțător : delator
denunțător : sicofant
denunțător : prepuitor
denunțător : vadnic
denunțător : turnător
deoarece : cauzal
deoarece : căci
deoarece : când
deoarece : știu
deoarece : aproape
deocamdată : provizoriu
deocamdată : locui
deochea : pocita
deochea : săgeta
deochea : strica
deochea : cineva
deocheat : imoral
deocheat : impudic
deocheat : indecent
deocheat : interlop
deocheat : necuviincios
deocheat : nerușinat
deocheat : obscen
deocheat : pornografic
deocheat : scabros
deocheat : scârbos
deocheat : suspect
deocheat : trivial
deochere : pocita
deochere : săgeta
deochere : strica
deochere : cineva
deochi : farmece
deodata : brusc
deodata : fulgerător
deodata : instantaneu
deodata : repede
deodata : scurt
deodata : subit
deodata : numai
deodata : târla-mârla
deodata : întoarce
deodată : brusc
deodată : fulgerător
deodată : instantaneu
deodată : repede
deodată : scurt
deodată : subit
deodată : numai
deodată : târla-mârla
deodată : întoarce
deodorant : dezodorizant
deoparte : izolat
deoparte : retras
deoparte : osebi
deopotrivă : invar
deosebi : deosebit
deosebire : diferențiere
deosebire : discriminare
deosebire : discriminație
deosebire : distincție
deosebire : distingere
deosebire : facem
deosebire : următoarea
deosebire : osebire
deosebire : deschilinire
deosebire : între
deosebit : aparte
deosebit : individual
deosebit : neobișnuit
deosebit : singular
deosebit : special
deosebit : insolit
deosebit : separat
deosebit : deosebi
deosebit : bașca
deosebit : distins
deosebit : superior
depana : repara
depana : drege
depana : vehicul
depanare : depanație
depanare : reparare
depanare : reparat
depanare : reparație
depanare : dregere
depanat : repara
depanat : drege
depanat : vehicul
depanator : reparator
deparazita : despăduchea
deparazitare : despăduchere
deparazitat : despăduchea
departament : minister
departament : unele
departament : state
departament : ministerul
departament : numește
departamental : ministerial
departe : aruncat
dependent : subordonat
dependent : supus
dependență : aservire
dependență : atârnare
dependență : subordonare
dependență : supunere
dependență : servitute
dependință : atenanse
dependință : acaret
dependință : namestie
dependință : mâietoare
dependință : oleab
dependință : gospodării
depeșă : epistolie
depeșă : scrisoare
depila : epila
depila : părui
depilare : epilație
depilare : epilare
depilare : părului
depilare : păruit
depilat : epila
depilat : părui
depilator : epilator
depinde : atârna
depinde : spânzura
depindere : atârna
depindere : spânzura
depinge : expune
depinge : prezenta
depingere : expune
depingere : prezenta
depins : atârna
depins : spânzura
depista : descoperi
depistare : descoperire
depistat : descoperi
deplasa : merge
deplasa : clăti
deplasa : clinti
deplasa : mișca
deplasa : sminti
deplasa : vâșca
deplasa : putut
deplasa : piatra
deplasa : locul
deplasa : lingura
deplasa : plimba
deplasa : bomboana
deplasa : împinge
deplasa : mâna
deplasa : departe
deplasa : frunzele
deplasa : aluneca
deplasa : strat
deplasabil : transportabil
deplasabil : bolnav
deplasare : mișcare
deplasare : trecere
deplasare : lunii
deplasare : alunecare
deplasare : straturi
deplin : total
deplin : complet
deplin : integral
deplin : întreg
deplin : plenar
deplin : cumplit
deplin : realizare
deplinătate : integritate
deplinătate : plenitudine
deplinătate : facultăților
deplora : compătimi
deplora : deplânge
deplorabil : jalnic
deplorabil : lamentabil
deplorabil : mizer
deplorabil : nenorocit
deplorabil : prăpădit
deplorabil : ticălos
deplorabil : mișel
deplorabil : stare
deplorare : compătimi
deplorare : deplânge
deplorat : compătimi
deplorat : deplânge
depolarizare : depolarizație
depolarizator : depolarizant
deporta : surghiuni
deportare : surghiun
deportare : surghiunire
deportare : surghiunie
deportat : surghiunit
deposeda : jefui
deposeda : prăda
deposeda : spolia
deposeda : despuia
deposedare : jefuire
deposedare : prădare
deposedare : spoliație
deposedare : spoliere
deposedare : despuiere
deposedare : persoane
deposedare : bunurile
deposedat : jefuit
deposedat : prădat
deposedat : spoliat
deposedat : despuiat
depozit : magazie
depozita : înmagazina
depozita : stoca
depozita : strânge
depozitar : păstrător
depozitar : vechi
depozitare : magazinare
depozitare : magazinaj
depozitare : stocaj
depozitare : stocare
depozitat : înmagazina
depozitat : stoca
depozitat : strânge
depoziție : declarație
depoziție : mărturie
depoziție : mărturisire
depoziție : confesiune
depoziție : mărturisanie
depoziție : tacrir
depoziție : martor
deprecia : degrada
depreciat : demonetizat
depreciat : devalorizat
depreciat : scăzut
depresant : anticongelant
depresiune : exista
depresiune : numeroase
depresiune : depresiune
depresiune : demoralizare
depresiune : deprimare
depresiune : descurajare
depresiune : marasm
depresiune : demoralizație
depresiune : demobilizare
deprimant : apăsător
deprimant : dezolant
deprimant : sumbru
deprimant : negru
deprinde : împăca
deprinde : obișnui
deprinde : gândul
deprins : acomodat
deprins : dedat
deprins : familiarizat
deprins : obișnuit
depune : lăsa
depune : preda
depune : geamantanul
depune : așeza
depune : așterne
depunere : lăsare
depunere : predare
depurativ : depurator
depus : lăsa
depus : preda
depus : geamantanul
depus : așeza
depus : așterne
deputat : ieșit
deputat : ablegat
depăna : înfășura
depăna : textile
depănare : înfășurare
depănare : firului
depănat : înfășura
depănat : textile
depănătoare : rășchitor
depănătoare : rotan
depănătoare : pentru
depănătoare : firele
depărta : îndepărta
depărta : dezlipi
depărta : te-ai
depărtare : îndepărtare
depărtare : dezlipire
depărtare : distanțare
depărtare : rărire
depărtare : spațiere
depărtare : literelor
depărtare : interval
depărtare : spațiu
depărtare : scopot
depărtare : între
depărtat : îndepărtat
depărtat : desfăcut
depărtat : rășchirat
depărtat : picioarele
depăși : devansa
depăși : trece
depăși : întrece
depăși : pachetului
depăși : eclipsa
depăși : birui
depăși : înfrânge
depăși : învinge
depăși : răzbi
depăși : surmonta
depăși : toate
depăși : celelalte
depăși : sarcini
depăși : puterile
depășire : devansare
depășire : întrecere
depășit : învechit
depășit : perimat
depășit : retrograd
depășit : mentalitate
deranj : supărare
deranja : răscoli
deranja : zăpăci
deranja : răntui
deranja : rostopoli
deranja : mi-ai
deranja : strica
deranja : nu-mi
deranja : incomoda
deranja : încurca
deranja : stingheri
deranja : stânjeni
deranja : supăra
deranja : tulbura
deranja : conturba
deranja : importuna
deranja : inoportuna
deranja : sinchisi
deranja : zăticni
deranja : sminti
deranja : lucru
deranja : perturba
deranja : liniștea
deranja : obosi
deranja : osteni
deranja : cazul
deranjament : dereglare
deranjament : tulburare
deranjament : organic
deranjare : răscolire
deranjare : răvășire
deranjare : zăpăcire
deranjare : stricare
deranjare : incomodare
deranjare : jenare
deranjare : stingherire
deranjare : stânjenire
deranjare : tulburare
deranjare : conturbare
deranjare : zăticnire
deranjare : cuiva
deranjat : răscolit
deranjat : răvășit
deranjat : zăpăcit
deranjat : toate
deranjat : hârtiile
derapare : derapaj
derbedeu : golan
derbedeu : haimana
derbedeu : vagabond
derbedeu : teleleu
derbedeu : hârbar
derbedeu : ulițar
derbedeu : dulandragiu
derbedeu : jarcalete
derbedeu : lainic
derbedeu : ulițarnic
derbedeu : vandroc
derbedeu : ștrengar
derbedeu : zamparagiu
derbedeu : bate-poduri
derbedeu : ajuns
dereglare : defect
dereglare : defectare
dereglare : defecțiune
dereglare : deranjament
dereglare : funcționarea
dereglare : tulburare
deretica : scutura
deretica : strânge
deretica : griji
deretica : rândui
deretica : cioroboti
deretica : câștiga
deretica : orândui
deretica : ticăzui
deretica : tistăli
dereticare : dereticat
dereticare : scuturare
dereticare : scuturat
dereticare : curățenie
dereticare : tăgășire
dereticare : tistușag
dereticare : făcut
deriva : proveni
deriva : trage
deriva : substantivul
derivare : derivație
derivat : proveni
derivat : trage
derivat : substantivul
derivă : proveni
derivă : trage
derivă : substantivul
deriziune : bătaie
deriziune : derâdere
derogare : derogație
derula : desfășura
derula : perinda
derula : prefira
derulare : desfășurare
derulare : perindare
derulare : prefirare
derulat : desfășura
derulat : perinda
derulat : prefira
derutant : deconcertant
derutant : veste
derveli : mânji
derveli : murdări
dervelire : mânji
dervelire : murdări
dervelit : mânjit
dervelit : murdar
dervelit : negru
dervelit : nespălat
dervelit : pătat
dervelit : răpănos
dervelit : slinos
des : bătut
des : frecvent
des : repetat
des : grăbit
des : rapid
desantare : decădere
desantare : depravare
desantare : desfrânare
desantare : destrăbălare
desantare : imoralitate
desantare : perdiție
desantare : perversitate
desantare : perversiune
desantare : pervertire
desantare : pierzanie
desantare : pierzare
desantare : stricăciune
descendență : filiație
descendență : linie
descendență : succesiune
descheia : deschiotora
descheia : dezbumba
descheia : nasturii
descheiat : deschiotorat
descheiat : dezbumbat
descheiere : deschiotora
descheiere : dezbumba
descheiere : nasturii
deschide : desface
deschide : plicul
deschide : citește
deschide : căsca
deschide : despica
deschide : crăpa
deschide : plesni
deschide : mugurii
deschidere : desfacere
deschidere : căscare
deschidere : căscat
deschidere : crăpare
deschidere : despicare
deschidere : plesnire
deschidere : bobocilor
deschilini : diferenția
deschilini : discerne
deschilini : discrimina
deschilinit : diferenția
deschilinit : discerne
deschilinit : discrimina
deschis : comunicativ
deschis : expansiv
deschis : neprefăcut
deschis : prietenos
deschis : receptiv
deschis : sincer
deschis : sociabil
deschizătură : deschidere
deschizătură : orificiu
deschizătură : într-un
deschizătură : pătruns
descinde : proveni
descinde : trage
descins : proveni
descins : trage
desciocăla : desfăca
desciocăla : porumbul
descleia : dezancola
descleiat : dezancola
descleiere : dezancolare
descloci : răscloci
desclocire : răscloci
desclocit : răscloci
descoase : strica
descoasere : strica
descoji : jupui
descoji : despuia
descoji : scorțăli
descoji : măzga
descoji : trunchiul
descojire : cojire
descojire : jupuire
descojire : trunchiului
descojit : cojit
descojit : jupuit
descojit : copac
descolăci : descolătăci
descolăcire : descolătăcire
descolăcit : descolătăci
descompleta : desperechea
descompletare : desperechere
descompletat : desperecheat
descompletat : disparat
descompletat : stingher
descompletat : pantof
descompune : desface
descompune : divide
descompune : fracționa
descompune : scinda
descompune : separa
descompune : dezalcătui
descompune : dezintegrării
descompunere : desfacere
descompunere : despărțire
descompunere : divizare
descompunere : fracționare
descompunere : împărțire
descompunere : scindare
descompunere : separare
descompunere : dezalcătuire
descompunere : particule
desconsiderat : disprețuit
descoperi : ghici
descoperi : bănui
descoperi : dezvălui
descoperi : revela
descoperi : decela
descoperi : putut
descoperi : marea
descoperi : surprinde
descoperi : stabili
descoperi : etimologia
descotorosi : debarasa
descotorosi : scăpa
descotorosi : satul
descotorosire : debarasare
descotorosire : degajare
descotorosire : scăpare
descotorosire : musafir
descotorosit : debarasa
descotorosit : scăpa
descotorosit : satul
descovoia : dezdoi
descovoiat : dezdoi
descovoiere : dezdoi
descrescând : micșora
descrescând : reduce
descrescând : scădea
descrescând : pișca
descrescător : degresiv
descrescător : scăzător
descrește : micșora
descrește : reduce
descrește : scădea
descrește : pișca
descreștere : micșorare
descreștere : reducere
descreștere : scădere
descreștere : dimensiunilor
descreștere : suprafeței
descreți : descrunta
descrețire : descrunta
descrețit : descrunta
descrie : expune
descrie : prezenta
descrie : zugrăvi
descrie : depinge
descrie : scrie
descrie : zografisi
descrie : picta
descriere : expunere
descriere : înfățișare
descriere : prezentare
descriere : redare
descriere : zugrăvire
descriere : descripție
descriere : scriere
descriere : scrisoare
descriere : stărilor
descriere : lucruri
descriere : într-un
descripție : expunere
descripție : înfățișare
descripție : prezentare
descripție : redare
descris : expune
descris : prezenta
descris : zugrăvi
descris : depinge
descris : scrie
descris : zografisi
descris : picta
descuama : jupui
descuama : scoroji
descuamare : cojire
descuamare : descuamație
descuamare : jupuire
descuamare : scămoșare
descuamare : tărâțare
descuamat : cojit
descuamat : jupuit
descuamație : cojire
descuamație : descuamare
descuamație : jupuire
descuamație : scămoșare
descuamație : tărâțare
descuia : deschide
descuiat : deschis
descuiat : neînchis
descuiat : neîncuiat
descuiere : deschidere
desculț : descălțat
desculț : desculțat
desculț : picioarele
desculța : scoate
desculțare : scoate
descumpănire : dezorientare
descumpănire : nedumerire
descumpănire : perplexitate
descumpănire : bulversare
descumpănire : debusolare
descumpănire : deconcertare
descuraja : demoraliza
descuraja : deprima
descuraja : demobiliza
descurajare : demoralizare
descurajare : depresiune
descurajare : deprimare
descurajare : marasm
descurajare : demoralizație
descurajare : demobilizare
descurajat : demoralizat
descurajat : deprimat
descurajat : demobilizat
descurajat : abătut
descurajat : indispus
descurajat : îndurerat
descurajat : trist
descurajat : mâhnit
descurajat : necăjit
descurajat : supărat
descurajat : obidit
descurajat : scârbit
descurajat : supărăcios
descurajat : dosădit
descurajat : ponosit
descurajat : pricăjit
descurajat : cătrănit
descurajat : pleoștit
descurajat : plouat
descurajat : vestea
descurajator : demoralizant
descurajator : demoralizator
descurajator : deprimant
descurajator : descurajant
descurajator : demobilizator
descurajator : situație
descurcăreț : foarte
descusut : strica
descâlci : firele
descâlcire : deslușire
descâlcire : dezlegare
descâlcire : elucidare
descâlcire : explicare
descâlcire : explicație
descâlcire : lămurire
descâlcire : limpezire
descâlcire : precizare
descâlcire : rezolvare
descâlcire : soluție
descâlcit : firele
descântătură : farmec
descântătură : magie
descăleca : pedestri
descălecare : așezământ
descălecat : pedestri
descălța : scoate
descălța : trage
descălța : pantofii
descălțare : descălțat
descălțare : scoatere
descălțare : tragere
descălțare : pantofilor
descărca : deșerta
descărca : zvânta
descărca : scurge
descărca : vestul
descărca : sicni
descărca : trage
descărca : slobozi
descărcare : descărcat
descărcare : deșertare
descărcare : deșertat
descărcare : golire
descărcare : golit
descărcare : tragere
descărcare : slobozire
descărcător : justificativ
descărna : cărnosi
descărna : șerui
descărna : cărnui
descărna : scofâlci
descărnare : cărnosire
descărnare : șeruire
descărnare : cărnuire
descărnare : pieilor
descărnare : industria
descărnare : scofâlcire
descărnat : scofâlcit
descărnat : obraz
descătușa : desfereca
descătușare : eliberare
descătușare : emancipare
descătușare : emancipație
descătușat : desferecat
descăzut : minuend
descăzut : substras
desemna : rândui
desemna : provivasi
desemna : ministru
desemnat : rândui
desemnat : provivasi
desemnat : ministru
desena : scrie
desena : zugrăvi
desena : contura
desena : delimita
desena : distinge
desena : evidenția
desena : preciza
desena : profila
desena : proiecta
desena : reliefa
desena : imaginea
desena : lumina
desenare : desenat
desenare : profil
desenat : scris
desenator : scriitor
desenator : talent
desenată : scris
deseori : adesea
deseori : adeseori
deseori : frecvent
deservi : servi
deservi : întregul
deserviciu : contraserviciu
deserviciu : făcut
deservire : servire
deservire : populației
deservit : servi
deservit : întregul
desface : despături
desface : dezdoi
desface : răspica
desface : șervetul
desface : foaie
desface : desfășura
desface : deschide
desface : degaja
desface : libera
desface : scoate
desface : slobozi
desface : cineva
desface : întinde
desface : răsfira
desface : căsca
desface : crăpa
desface : despica
desface : plesni
desface : mugurii
desfacere : despăturire
desfacere : dezdoire
desfacere : desprindere
desfacere : liberare
desfacere : scăpare
desfacere : slobozire
desfeciorire : deflorație
desferecat : descătușat
desfetire : deflorație
desfid : bravare
desfid : desfidere
desfigura : deforma
desfigura : schimonosi
desfigura : strâmba
desfigura : scălâmbăia
desfigura : scofâlci
desfigura : hâzi
desfigura : grozăvi
desfigurare : deformare
desfigurare : deformație
desfigurare : pocire
desfigurare : schimonosire
desfigurare : sluțire
desfigurare : strâmbare
desfigurare : urâțire
desfigurare : feței
desfigurat : deformat
desfigurat : pocit
desfigurat : schimonosit
desfigurat : sluțit
desfigurat : strâmb
desfigurat : strâmbat
desfigurat : urâțit
desfigurat : stropșit
desfigurat : zgâmboit
desfigurat : șonțit
desființa : anula
desființa : ridica
desființa : orice
desființa : restricție
desființa : suprima
desființa : lichida
desființa : distruge
desființa : nimici
desființa : prăpădi
desființa : simplu
desființa : totul
desființa : calea
desființare : anulare
desființare : ridicare
desființare : oricăror
desființare : restricții
desființare : suprimare
desființat : abrogat
desființat : anulat
desființat : invalidat
desființat : înlăturat
desființat : suprimat
desființat : normativ
desfira : desfășura
desfira : destrăma
desfirare : desfășura
desfirare : destrăma
desfirat : desfășura
desfirat : destrăma
desfrunzi : defolia
desfrunzi : despuia
desfrunzire : defoliație
desfrunzire : defoliere
desfrunzire : despuiere
desfrunzire : arborilor
desfrunzire : timpul
desfrunzit : despuiat
desfrunzit : copac
desfrânat : depravat
desfrânat : destrăbălat
desfrânat : dezmățat
desfrânat : imoral
desfrânat : stricat
desfrânat : curvar
desfrânat : preacurvar
desfrânat : preacurvitor
desfrânat : bărbat
desfunda : desțeleni
desfundare : desțelenire
desfundat : desțelenit
desfăcut : despăturit
desfăcut : dezdoit
desfăcut : șervet
desfăcut : desfășurat
desfăcut : deschis
desfăcut : demontat
desfăcut : destrămat
desfăcut : deșirat
desfăcut : întins
desfăcut : răsfirat
desfăcut : aripile
desfăcut : crăpat
desfăcut : plesnit
desfăcut : mugur
desfăt : petrecere
desfătare : delectare
desfătare : farmec
desfătare : încântare
desfătare : plăcere
desfătare : voluptate
desfătare : tefericie
desfătare : încântec
desfătare : deliciu
desfătare : savoare
desfătare : petrecere
desfătare : veselie
desfătare : desfătăciune
desfătat : cuceritor
desfătat : cuprinzător
desfătat : desfătător
desfătat : fascinant
desfătat : fermecător
desfătat : încântător
desfătat : întins
desfătat : răpitor
desfătat : seducător
desfătui : desconsilia
desfătui : despovățui
desfătui : dezmânta
desfătui : procedeze
desfătuire : desconsilia
desfătuire : despovățui
desfătuire : dezmânta
desfătuire : procedeze
desfătuit : desconsilia
desfătuit : despovățui
desfătuit : dezmânta
desfătuit : procedeze
desfătător : încântător
desfătător : mângâietor
desfătător : plăcut
desfătător : mângâios
desfătător : peisaj
desfășura : desface
desfășura : desfira
desfășura : dezveli
desfășura : întinde
desfășura : dișterne
desfășura : derula
desfășura : evolua
desfășura : întâmpla
desfășura : petrece
desfășura : purta
desfășura : merge
desfășura : decurge
desfășura : depune
desfășura : efectua
desfășura : executa
desfășura : îndeplini
desfășura : întreprinde
desfășura : presta
desfășura : acolo
desfășura : susține
desfășura : pentru
desfășurare : efectuare
desfășurare : executare
desfășurare : îndeplinire
desfășurare : prestare
desfășurare : prestație
desfășurat : desfăcut
desfățat : neînfățat
deshidratare : uscare
deshidratare : uscat
deshidratat : uscat
deshidratat : fructe
deshuma : dezgropa
deshuma : exhuma
deshuma : dezmormânta
deshumare : dezgropare
deshumare : dezgropat
deshumare : exhumare
deshumat : dezgropa
deshumat : exhuma
deshumat : dezmormânta
desi : bătut
desi : frecvent
desi : repetat
desi : grăbit
desi : rapid
desigila : despecetlui
desigilare : despecetluire
desigilare : despecetluit
desigilat : despecetluit
desigur : absolut
desigur : bineînțeles
desigur : firește
desigur : garantat
desigur : indiscutabil
desigur : natural
desigur : negreșit
desigur : neîndoielnic
desigur : neîndoios
desigur : normal
desigur : precis
desigur : sigur
desigur : sosesc
desime : densitate
desinență : terminație
desiș : crâng
desiș : tufărie
desiș : bunget
desiș : desime
desiș : huceag
desiș : ascuns
desiș : într-un
deslușit : explicit
deslușit : expres
deslușit : inteligibil
deslușit : lămurit
deslușit : limpede
deslușit : precis
deslușit : răspicat
deslușit : comprehensibil
deslușit : apriat
deslușit : neted
deslușit : transparent
deslușit : afirmație
desman : șobolan-moscat
desmana : șobolan-moscat
desolidariza : dezavua
desolidarizare : dezavuare
despecetlui : desigila
despecetluire : desigilare
despecetluire : despecetluit
desperechea : descompleta
desperecheat : descompletat
desperecheat : disparat
desperecheat : stingher
desperecheat : pantof
desperechere : descompletare
despica : crăpa
despica : sparge
despica : spinteca
despica : tăia
despica : sfărâma
despica : lemne
despica : pentru
despica : deschide
despicare : crăpare
despicare : crăpat
despicare : despicat
despicare : spargere
despicare : spart
despicare : spintecare
despicare : spintecat
despicare : tăiat
despicare : tăiere
despicare : lemnelor
despicat : crăpat
despicat : spart
despicat : spintecat
despicat : tăiat
despleti : desface
despletire : desface
despletit : desfăcut
despletit : părul
despletit : nepieptănat
despletit : zbârlit
despletit : femeie
despotie : samavolnicie
despotmoli : dezgloda
despotmoli : deznomoli
despotmolire : dezgloda
despotmolire : deznomoli
despotmolit : dezgloda
despotmolit : deznomoli
despovăra : ușura
despovăra : greutatea
despovărare : ușurare
despovărat : ușura
despovărat : greutatea
despoție : samavolnicie
despre : obiectul
despre : vorba
despre : asupra
despresura : debloca
despresurare : deblocare
despresurat : deblocat
desprimăvăra : primăvăra
desprimăvăra : natura
desprimăvărare : primăvăra
desprimăvărare : natura
desprimăvărat : primăvăra
desprimăvărat : natura
desprinde : desface
desprinde : prind
desprinde : mâini
desprinde : libera
desprinde : scăpa
desprindere : mașini
despriponi : despăivăna
despriponire : despăivăna
despriponit : despăivăna
despuiat : excerptat
despăduchea : păduchea
despăduchea : purica
despăducheat : păduchea
despăducheat : purica
despăgubi : compensa
despăgubi : răsplăti
despăgubi : mulțumi
despăgubi : potoli
despăgubi : dezdăuna
despăgubi : pentru
despăgubi : pagubele
despăgubire : compensare
despăgubire : compensație
despăgubire : daune
despăgubire : reparație
despăgubire : mulțumire
despăgubire : dezdăunare
despăgubire : indemnizație
despăgubire : turcism
despăgubire : oferit
despăgubire : pentru
despăgubire : pagubele
despăgubit : compensa
despăgubit : răsplăti
despăgubit : mulțumi
despăgubit : potoli
despăgubit : dezdăuna
despăgubit : pentru
despăgubit : pagubele
despărțenie : separare
despărți : desprinde
despărți : izola
despărți : separa
despărți : despreuna
despărți : dezuni
despărți : bătaie
despărți : segrega
despărți : osebi
despărți : animalele
despărți : bolnave
despărți : descompune
despărți : desface
despărți : divide
despărți : fracționa
despărți : scinda
despărți : dezalcătui
despărți : dezintegrării
despărțimânt : compartiment
despărțimânt : despărțire
despărțire : desprindere
despărțire : detașare
despărțire : izolare
despărțire : separare
despărțire : separație
despărțire : dezunire
despărțire : celor
despărțire : segregare
despărțire : segregație
despărțire : femeilor
despărțire : descompunere
despărțire : desfacere
despărțire : divizare
despărțire : fracționare
despărțire : împărțire
despărțire : scindare
despărțire : dezalcătuire
despărțire : particule
despărțitor : izolator
despărțitor : separator
despături : desface
despături : dezdoi
despături : răspica
despături : foaie
despăturire : desfacere
despăturire : dezdoire
despăturit : desfăcut
despăturit : dezdoit
despăturit : șervet
destabilizator : destabilizant
destina : hărăzi
destina : supune
destina : aceasta
destinat : hărăzi
destinat : supune
destinat : aceasta
destinație : funcție
destinație : săvârșire
destinație : săvârșit
destinde : relaxa
destinde : slăbi
destinde : lărgi
destinde : slobozi
destinde : funia
destinde : îndrepta
destinde : întinde
destindere : relaxare
destindere : slăbire
destindere : lărgire
destindere : slobozire
destindere : legăturii
destindere : respirare
destindere : recursie
destins : discordat
destins : relaxat
destins : slăbit
destins : lejer
destitui : demite
destitui : îndepărta
destitui : scoate
destitui : mazili
destitui : debarca
destituire : demitere
destituire : îndepărtare
destituire : scoatere
destituire : mazilire
destituire : mazilit
destituire : debarcare
destituit : demite
destituit : îndepărta
destituit : scoate
destituit : mazili
destituit : debarca
destroieni : deszăpezi
destroienire : deszăpezire
destroienit : deszăpezit
destrăma : deșira
destrăma : desfira
destrăma : strica
destrăma : rânji
destrăma : rări
destrăma : dezlâna
destrămare : deșirare
destrămare : dezlânare
destrămare : pulover
destrămat : desfăcut
destrămat : deșirat
destui : interj
destui : suficient
destui : îndeajuns
destui : buget
destui : îndestul
destui : vorbit
destul : interj
destul : suficient
destul : îndeajuns
destul : buget
destul : îndestul
destul : vorbit
destula : interj
destula : suficient
destula : îndeajuns
destula : buget
destula : îndestul
destula : vorbit
destupa : deschide
destupa : desfunda
destupare : deschidere
destupare : desfundare
destupat : deschis
destupat : desfundat
destăinui : declara
destăinui : deconspira
destăinui : dezvălui
destăinui : divulga
destăinui : mărturisi
destăinui : revela
destăinui : spovedi
destăinui : spune
destăinui : confia
destăinui : dezveli
destăinui : deveghea
destăinui : propovădui
destăinui : dragostea
destăinui : pentru
destăinui : întreaga
destăinui : confesa
destăinuire : desconspirare
destăinuire : dezvăluire
destăinuire : divulgare
destăinuire : împărtășire
destăinuire : încredințare
destăinuire : mărturisire
destăinuire : revelare
destăinuire : spovedire
destăinuire : deconspirare
destăinuire : întregii
destăinuire : confesiune
destăinuire : spovedanie
destăinuire : făcut
destăinuire : unele
destăinuit : declara
destăinuit : deconspira
destăinuit : dezvălui
destăinuit : divulga
destăinuit : mărturisi
destăinuit : revela
destăinuit : spovedi
destăinuit : spune
destăinuit : confia
destăinuit : dezveli
destăinuit : deveghea
destăinuit : propovădui
destăinuit : dragostea
destăinuit : pentru
destăinuit : întreaga
destăinuit : confesa
deszăpezi : destroieni
deszăpezire : destroienire
deszăpezit : destroienit
desăgi : ghemui
desăgi : îndesa
desăgi : înghesui
desăgi : îngrămădi
desăgire : ghemui
desăgire : îndesa
desăgire : înghesui
desăgire : îngrămădi
desăgit : ghemui
desăgit : îndesa
desăgit : înghesui
desăgit : îngrămădi
desărcina : descăuna
desărcina : elibera
desărcina : scoate
desărcinare : descăunare
desărcinare : eliberare
desărcinare : scoatere
desărcinare : cuiva
desărcinat : descăuna
desărcinat : elibera
desărcinat : scoate
desăvârși : împlini
desăvârși : îndeplini
desăvârși : înfăptui
desăvârși : realiza
desăvârși : opera
desăvârși : încheia
desăvârși : termina
desăvârșire : plinătate
desăvârșire : plenitudine
desăvârșire : plinăciune
desăvârșire : perfecțiune
desăvârșire : puritate
desțeleni : desfunda
desțelenire : desfundare
desțelenire : teren
desțelenit : desfundat
desțăra : expatria
desțărare : emigrație
desțărare : expatriere
detașa : parcurs
detașare : desfacere
detașare : desprindere
detașare : dezlipire
detașare : aparat
detașare : produs
detașat : parcurs
detectivist : detectivistic
detectivist : acțiune
detentor : deținător
detentor : posesor
detentă : destindere
detentă : dilatare
detentă : expansiune
deteriora : degrada
deteriora : învechi
deteriora : strica
deteriora : hrentui
deteriora : hârbui
deteriora : hodorogi
deteriora : paradi
deteriora : rablagi
deteriorare : degradare
deteriorare : învechire
deteriorare : stricare
deteriorare : uzare
deteriorare : degradație
deteriorat : degradat
deteriorat : învechit
deteriorat : stricat
deteriorat : hrentuit
deteriorat : hârbuit
deteriorat : hodorogit
deteriorat : paradit
deteriorat : rablagit
deteriorat : răblărit
deteriorat : obiect
deteriorat : avariat
determina : defini
determina : preciza
determina : stabili
determina : mărgini
determina : răspica
determina : proprietățile
determina : statornici
determina : defige
determina : însemna
determina : statori
determina : termen
determina : pentru
determinant : determinativ
determinare : provocare
determinare : creare
determinare : pricinuire
determinare : producere
determinare : stârnire
determinare : stări
determinare : definire
determinare : precizare
determinare : stabilire
determinare : proprietății
determinat : definit
determinat : precizat
determinat : stabilit
determinat : aspect
detraca : deranja
detraca : deregla
detraca : dezechilibra
detraca : strica
detraca : tulbura
detracat : defectat
detracat : deranjat
detracat : dereglat
detracat : dezechilibrat
detracat : stricat
detracat : tulburat
detracta : blama
detracta : calomnia
detracta : cleveti
detracta : defăima
detracta : denigra
detracta : discredita
detractare : blama
detractare : calomnia
detractare : cleveti
detractare : defăima
detractare : denigra
detractare : discredita
detractat : blama
detractat : calomnia
detractat : cleveti
detractat : defăima
detractat : denigra
detractat : discredita
detractor : calomniator
detractor : clevetitor
detractor : defăimător
detractor : denigrator
detunat : trăsnit
detunet : bubuit
detunet : detonație
detunet : detunare
detunet : detunat
detunet : duduit
detunet : trăsnet
deturna : delapida
deturnare : delapidare
deturnat : delapida
deuteriu : hidrogen
deuteriu : folosit
deuteriu : drept
deuteriu : combustibil
devaliza : jefui
devaliza : prăda
devalizare : jefuire
devalizare : prădare
devalizat : jefuit
devaloriza : demonetiza
devaloriza : deprecia
devaloriza : bănesc
devalorizare : demonetizare
devalorizare : depreciere
devalorizare : semne
devalorizat : demonetizat
devalorizat : depreciat
devalorizat : scăzut
devastat : distrus
devastat : nimicit
devastat : pârjolit
devastat : pustiit
devastat : teritoriu
deveghea : destăinui
deveghea : dezvălui
deveghea : divulga
deveghea : mărturisi
deveghea : revela
deveghea : spovedi
deveni : apuca
deveni : destul
deveni : ajunge
devenit : apuca
devenit : destul
devenit : ajunge
deversor : scurgătoare
deversor : pentru
deversor : surplusul
devia : abate
devia : schimba
deviat : abate
deviat : schimba
deviere : abatere
deviere : deviație
deviere : îndepărtare
deviere : mutare
deviere : schimbare
deviere : cursului
devina : prevesti
devina : prezice
devinare : prevesti
devinare : prezice
devinat : prevesti
devinat : prezice
devitrificare : devitrifiere
devlă : craniu
devlă : cutie
devlă : scăfârlie
devorant : extraordinar
devot : cucernic
devot : cuvios
devot : evlavios
devot : preacredincios
devot : religios
devotament : abnegație
devotament : dăruire
devotament : devotare
devotament : sadacat
devotament : muncit
devotare : consacrare
devotare : dedicare
devotare : destinare
devotare : închinare
devotare : vieții
devotare : cauze
devoțiune : cucernicie
devoțiune : cuvioșenie
devoțiune : cuvioșie
devoțiune : evlavie
devoțiune : pietate
devoțiune : pioșenie
devoțiune : piozitate
devoțiune : religiozitate
devreme : timpuriu
devălmășie : composesiune
devălmășie : pământului
dezacorda : discorda
dezacorda : instrument
dezacordare : discordare
dezacordat : discordat
dezacordat : destrunat
dezagreabil : neplăcut
dezagreabil : ingrat
dezagreabil : dezgustător
dezagreabil : displăcut
dezagreabil : dizgrațios
dezagreabil : grețos
dezagreabil : infect
dezagreabil : împuțit
dezagreabil : nesuferit
dezagreabil : puturos
dezagreabil : respingător
dezagreabil : scârbos
dezagreabil : răumirositor
dezagreabil : fetid
dezagreabil : miasmatic
dezagreabil : pestilențial
dezagreabil : repugnant
dezagreabil : repulsiv
dezagreabil : scârnav
dezagreabil : scârbavnic
dezagreabil : scârbelnic
dezagreabil : duhoare
dezalcătui : desface
dezalcătui : divide
dezalcătui : fracționa
dezalcătui : scinda
dezalcătuire : desfacere
dezalcătuire : despărțire
dezalcătuire : divizare
dezalcătuire : fracționare
dezalcătuire : împărțire
dezalcătuire : scindare
dezalcătuit : desface
dezalcătuit : divide
dezalcătuit : fracționa
dezalcătuit : scinda
dezamețit : recules
dezamăgi : decepționa
dezamăgi : deziluziona
dezamăgi : dezumfla
dezamăgi : primita
dezamăgire : decepție
dezamăgire : deziluzie
dezamăgire : dezumflare
dezamăgire : încercat
dezamăgit : decepționat
dezamăgit : deziluzionat
dezamăgit : dezumflat
dezamăgit : îndrăgostit
dezamăgitor : decepționant
dezamăgitor : deziluzionant
dezamăgitor : spectacol
dezancola : descleia
dezancolat : descleia
dezaproba : blama
dezaproba : condamna
dezaproba : înfiera
dezaproba : proscrie
dezaproba : reproba
dezaproba : respinge
dezaproba : stigmatiza
dezaproba : dezavua
dezaproba : sancționa
dezaproba : osândi
dezaproba : mustra
dezaproba : protesta
dezaproba : veșteji
dezaproba : gestul
dezaprobare : blamare
dezaprobare : condamnare
dezaprobare : înfierare
dezaprobare : neaprobare
dezaprobare : reprobare
dezaprobare : respingere
dezaprobare : stigmatizare
dezaprobare : dezavuare
dezaprobare : reprehensiune
dezaprobare : reprobațiune
dezaprobare : sancționare
dezaprobare : osândire
dezaprobare : veștejire
dezaprobare : faptei
dezaprobare : necugetate
dezaprobat : blama
dezaprobat : condamna
dezaprobat : înfiera
dezaprobat : proscrie
dezaprobat : reproba
dezaprobat : respinge
dezaprobat : stigmatiza
dezaprobat : dezavua
dezaprobat : sancționa
dezaprobat : osândi
dezaprobat : mustra
dezaprobat : protesta
dezaprobat : veșteji
dezaprobat : gestul
dezaprobator : neaprobator
dezaprobator : reprobator
dezaprobator : vorbea
dezasimilație : catabolism
dezasimilație : dezasimilare
dezastru : calamitate
dezastru : flagel
dezastru : grozăvie
dezastru : nenorocire
dezastru : pacoste
dezastru : potop
dezastru : pustiire
dezastru : sinistru
dezastru : urgie
dezastru : prăpădenie
dezastru : blestem
dezastru : mânie
dezastru : topenie
dezastru : pustieșag
dezastru : pustiit
dezastru : sodom
dezastru : pierzare
dezastru : pustiiciune
dezastru : pârjol
dezastru : adevărat
dezastru : abătut
dezastru : asupra
dezastruos : catastrofal
dezastruos : fatal
dezastruos : funest
dezastruos : nefericit
dezastruos : nenorocit
dezastruos : tragic
dezastruos : deznodământ
dezavantaj : inconvenient
dezavantaj : neajuns
dezavantaj : handicap
dezavantaj : calea
dezavantaj : realizării
dezavantaja : defavoriza
dezavantaja : handicapa
dezavantajare : defavorizare
dezavantajare : echipe
dezavantajat : defavoriza
dezavantajat : handicapa
dezavantajos : nefavorabil
dezavantajos : neprielnic
dezavantajos : oneros
dezavua : condamna
dezavua : desolidariza
dezavua : dezaproba
dezavua : înfiera
dezavua : proscrie
dezavua : reproba
dezavua : respinge
dezavuare : blamare
dezavuare : condamnare
dezavuare : desolidarizare
dezavuare : dezaprobare
dezavuare : înfierare
dezavuare : neaprobare
dezavuare : reprobare
dezavuare : respingere
dezavuat : condamna
dezavuat : desolidariza
dezavuat : dezaproba
dezavuat : înfiera
dezavuat : proscrie
dezavuat : reproba
dezavuat : respinge
dezaxa : tulbura
dezaxat : tulburat
dezbate : discuta
dezbate : trata
dezbate : tratarisi
dezbate : subiect
dezbatere : discutare
dezbatere : tratare
dezbatere : subiect
dezbatere : chibzuire
dezbatere : deliberare
dezbatere : discuție
dezbatere : pertractare
dezbenzina : degazolina
dezbenzinare : degazolinare
dezbenzinat : degazolina
dezbin : învrăjbi
dezbin : dezuni
dezbina : învrăjbi
dezbina : dezuni
dezbrăca : scoate
dezbrăca : trage
dezbrăca : lepăda
dezbrăca : dezvești
dezbrăca : dezechipa
dezbrăca : despuia
dezbrăca : dezgoli
dezbrăca : te-ai
dezbrăcare : scoatere
dezbrăcare : tragere
dezbrăcare : dezechipare
dezbrăcare : despuiere
dezbrăcare : golire
dezbrăcare : cuiva
dezbrăcat : despuiat
dezbrăcat : dezgolit
dezbrăcat : neîmbrăcat
dezbrăcat : pieligos
dezbrăcat : târgit
dezbăra : debarasa
dezbăra : descotorosi
dezbăra : dezobișnui
dezbăra : lăsa
dezbăra : scăpa
dezbăra : scutura
dezbăra : înțărca
dezbărare : debarasare
dezbărare : dezobișnuire
dezbărare : dezvățare
dezbărare : scăpare
dezbăta : reculege
dezbăta : regăsi
dezbăta : reveni
dezbătare : reculege
dezbătare : regăsi
dezbătare : reveni
dezbătat : reculege
dezbătat : regăsi
dezbătat : reveni
dezbătut : discuta
dezbătut : trata
dezbătut : tratarisi
dezbătut : subiect
dezdoi : descovoia
dezdoi : desface
dezdoi : despături
dezdoi : răspica
dezdoi : foaie
dezdoire : desfacere
dezdoire : despăturire
dezdoit : desfăcut
dezdoit : despăturit
dezdoit : șervet
dezdăuna : despăgubi
dezdăunare : compensație
dezdăunare : daune
dezdăunare : despăgubire
dezdăunat : despăgubi
dezechilibra : tulbura
dezechilibra : zdruncina
dezechilibra : dezaxa
dezechilibra : detraca
dezechilibrare : tulbura
dezechilibrare : zdruncina
dezechilibrare : dezaxa
dezechilibrare : detraca
dezechilibrat : deficitar
dezechilibrat : buget
dezechilibrat : tulburat
dezechilibrat : zdruncinat
dezechilibrat : dezaxat
dezechilibrat : detracat
dezechilibrat : mintea
dezechilibru : dezaxare
dezechilibru : detracare
dezechipa : scoate
dezechipare : scoatere
dezechipat : scoate
dezerta : lipsi
dezertare : dezerțiune
dezertor : fugit
dezgheț : dezghețare
dezgheț : început
dezgheța : puțin
dezghețare : dezmorțire
dezghețare : cuiva
dezghețat : deștept
dezghețat : dibaci
dezghețat : inteligent
dezghețat : iscusit
dezghețat : îndemânatic
dezghețat : întreprinzător
dezghețat : priceput
dezghețat : sprinten
dezghioca : smicura
dezghioca : deciocăla
dezghioca : deciurica
dezghioca : porumbul
dezghioca : tecui
dezghioca : scobi
dezghiocare : dezghiocat
dezghiocare : porumbului
dezgropa : scoate
dezgropa : bolovan
dezgropare : deshumare
dezgropare : scoatere
dezgropare : bolovan
dezgust : aversiune
dezgust : îngrețoșare
dezgust : oroare
dezgust : repulsie
dezgust : nesuferire
dezgust : lehamite
dezgusta : sătura
dezgusta : scârbi
dezgusta : scârboli
dezgusta : lehămeti
dezgusta : lehămetisi
dezgusta : lehămetui
dezgusta : îngrețălui
dezgusta : văzut
dezgustare : îngrețoșare
dezgustare : scârbire
dezgustare : cuiva
dezgustat : îngrețoșat
dezgustat : sătul
dezgustat : săturat
dezgustat : scârbit
dezgustat : lehămetit
dezgustat : lehămetuit
dezgustător : dizgrațios
dezgustător : grețos
dezgustător : hidos
dezgustător : oribil
dezgustător : respingător
dezgustător : scârbos
dezgustător : imund
dezgustător : mârșav
dezgustător : sinistru
dezgustător : rânjet
dezgustător : abject
dezgustător : monstruos
dezgustător : odios
dezgustător : abominabil
dezgustător : infect
dezgustător : spurcat
dezgustător : scârnav
dezice : contrazice
dezicere : contrazice
dezidera : jindui
dezidera : pofti
dezidera : râvni
deziderat : dispoziție
deziderat : plăcere
dezinfectant : sterilizant
dezinfectare : dezinfecție
dezintegra : dezagrega
dezintegrare : dezagregare
dezintegrat : dezagregat
dezinteres : dezinteresare
dezinteres : nepăsare
dezis : contrazice
dezlega : desface
dezlegare : desfacere
dezlegat : desfăcut
dezlegat : pachet
dezlipi : desface
dezlipi : desprinde
dezlipi : locul
dezlipi : depărta
dezlipi : îndepărta
dezlipire : desfacere
dezlipire : desprindere
dezlipire : detașare
dezlipire : locul
dezlipire : lipit
dezlipire : depărtare
dezlipire : îndepărtare
dezlipit : desfăcut
dezlipit : desprins
dezlipit : element
dezlipit : dintr-un
dezlocui : disloca
dezlocuire : dislocare
dezlocuit : dislocat
dezlocuit : lichid
dezlâna : rări
dezlânat : prolix
dezlânat : rărit
dezlănțuire : declanșare
dezlănțuire : iscare
dezlănțuire : izbucnire
dezlănțuire : începere
dezlănțuire : pornire
dezlănțuire : producere
dezlănțuire : stârnire
dezlănțuire : venire
dezlănțuire : scornire
dezlănțuire : prorupere
dezlănțuire : prorupție
dezlănțuit : debordant
dezlănțuit : furtunos
dezlănțuit : impetuos
dezlănțuit : năvalnic
dezlănțuit : nestăpânit
dezlănțuit : nestăvilit
dezlănțuit : tumultuos
dezmembra : descompune
dezmembra : destrăma
dezmembra : familie
dezmembrare : descompunere
dezmembrare : destrămare
dezmembrat : descompus
dezmembrat : destrămat
dezmembrat : familie
dezmetic : aiurit
dezmetic : bezmetic
dezmetic : descreierat
dezmetic : nebun
dezmetic : smintit
dezmetic : țicnit
dezmetic : zănatic
dezmetic : zăpăcit
dezmeticit : recules
dezmeticit : trezit
dezmeticit : dezamețit
dezmeți : reculege
dezmeți : regăsi
dezmeți : reveni
dezmețire : reculege
dezmețire : regăsi
dezmețire : reveni
dezmețit : reculege
dezmețit : regăsi
dezmețit : reveni
dezmierdat : alintat
dezmierdat : mângâiat
dezmormânta : deshuma
dezmormântare : deshuma
dezmormântat : deshuma
dezmoșteni : desclironomisi
dezmoștenire : desclironomisi
dezmoștenit : desclironomisi
dezmânia : domoli
dezmânia : îmblânzi
dezmânia : îmbuna
dezmânia : împăca
dezmânia : liniști
dezmâniat : domoli
dezmâniat : îmblânzi
dezmâniat : îmbuna
dezmâniat : împăca
dezmâniat : liniști
dezmâniere : domoli
dezmâniere : îmblânzi
dezmâniere : îmbuna
dezmâniere : împăca
dezmâniere : liniști
dezmăța : decădea
dezmăța : deprava
dezmăța : desfrâna
dezmăța : destrăbăla
dezmăța : perverti
dezmăța : strica
dezmățare : decădea
dezmățare : deprava
dezmățare : desfrâna
dezmățare : destrăbăla
dezmățare : perverti
dezmățare : strica
deznoda : dezlega
deznoda : nodurile
deznodare : dezlegare
deznodat : dezlegat
deznodământ : epilog
deznodământ : final
deznodământ : încheiere
deznodământ : sfârșit
deznodământ : roman
deznodământ : bătăliei
deznădejde : desperare
deznădejde : deznădăjduire
deznădejde : apelpisie
deznădejde : desperație
deznădejde : ochii
deznădejde : citea
deznădăjdui : despera
deznădăjdui : apelpisi
deznădăjduit : desperat
deznădăjduit : pierit
deznădăjduit : apelpisit
dezolant : demoralizant
dezolant : deprimant
dezolant : descurajant
dezolant : trist
dezolant : dezolator
dezolant : posac
dezolant : peisaj
dezolator : deprimant
dezolator : descurajant
dezolator : dezolant
dezonoare : necinste
dezonoare : rușine
dezonoare : ponos
dezonoare : ponoslu
dezonoare : poate
dezonoare : îndura
dezonora : batjocori
dezonora : compromite
dezonora : necinsti
dezonora : terfeli
dezonora : întina
dezonora : mânji
dezonora : murdări
dezonora : păta
dezonora : pângări
dezonora : profana
dezonora : spurca
dezonora : pricăji
dezonora : încercat
dezonora : descalifica
dezonorare : batjocorire
dezonorare : compromitere
dezonorare : necinstire
dezonorare : terfelire
dezonorare : întinare
dezonorare : mânjire
dezonorare : murdărire
dezonorare : pătare
dezonorare : pângărire
dezonorare : profanare
dezonorare : spurcare
dezonorare : memoriei
dezonorat : compromis
dezonorat : discreditat
dezonorat : necinstit
dezonorat : terfelit
dezonorat : pătat
dezonorat : pângărit
dezonorat : profanat
dezordine : deranj
dezordine : neordine
dezordine : calamandros
dezordine : vălmășag
dezordine : vraiște
dezordine : balamuc
dezordine : hârtiile
dezordonat : haotic
dezorienta : deruta
dezorienta : descumpăni
dezorienta : încurca
dezorienta : zăpăci
dezorienta : bulversa
dezorienta : debusola
dezorienta : deconcerta
dezorientare : derutare
dezorientare : descumpănire
dezorientare : nedumerire
dezorientare : perplexitate
dezorientare : bulversare
dezorientare : debusolare
dezorientare : deconcertare
dezorientat : derutat
dezorientat : descumpănit
dezorientat : încurcat
dezorientat : nedumerit
dezorientat : perplex
dezorientat : zăpăcit
dezorientat : bulversat
dezorientat : debusolat
dezorientat : deconcertat
dezorientat : sastisit
dezorientat : rămas
dezrobi : libera
dezrobi : emancipa
dezrobi : mântui
dezrobi : slobozi
dezrobi : volnici
dezrobire : liberare
dezrobire : emancipare
dezrobire : emancipație
dezrobire : mântuire
dezrobire : slobozire
dezrobire : slobozenie
dezrobire : slobozie
dezrobire : descătușare
dezrădăcina : eradica
dezrădăcinare : eradicare
dezumfla : stoci
dezumfla : vacii
dezumflare : dezamăgire
dezumflat : dezamăgit
dezuni : dezbina
dezuni : învrăjbi
dezunire : conflict
dezunire : despărțire
dezunire : dezacord
dezunire : dezbinare
dezunire : diferend
dezunire : discordie
dezunire : discuție
dezunire : disensiune
dezunire : învrăjbire
dezunire : litigiu
dezunire : neînțelegere
dezunire : separare
dezunit : dezbina
dezunit : învrăjbi
dezveli : descoperi
dezveli : dezvălui
dezveli : descutropi
dezveli : destruca
dezveli : învelit
dezveli : inaugura
dezvelire : descoperire
dezvelire : timpul
dezvelire : inaugurare
dezvelit : descoperit
dezvelit : neacoperit
dezvelit : dormit
dezvești : scoate
dezveștire : scoate
dezveștit : scoate
dezvinovăți : apăra
dezvinovăți : dezincrimina
dezvinovăți : disculpa
dezvinovăți : justifica
dezvinovăți : scuza
dezvinovăți : dezvinui
dezvinovăți : mântui
dezvinovățire : disculpare
dezvinovățire : justificare
dezvinovățire : dezvinuire
dezvinovățire : scuzare
dezvinovățit : disculpat
dezvinovățit : justificat
dezvinovățit : scuzat
dezvinui : disculpa
dezvinui : justifica
dezvinuire : disculpare
dezvinuire : justificare
dezvinuit : disculpa
dezvinuit : justifica
dezvirgina : deflora
dezvirgina : desfeciori
dezvirgina : desfeti
dezvirgina : nord-estul
dezvirgina : schilodi
dezvirgina : strica
dezvirginare : deflorare
dezvirginare : deflorație
dezvirginare : desfeciorire
dezvirginare : desfetire
dezvirginat : deflora
dezvirginat : desfeciori
dezvirginat : desfeti
dezvirginat : nord-estul
dezvirginat : schilodi
dezvirginat : strica
dezvolt : evolua
dezvolt : crește
dezvolt : împlini
dezvolt : vegeta
dezvolt : avansa
dezvolt : înainta
dezvolt : progresa
dezvolt : pricopsi
dezvolt : spori
dezvolt : grecism
dezvolt : prohorisi
dezvolt : continuu
dezvolta : evolua
dezvolta : crește
dezvolta : împlini
dezvolta : vegeta
dezvolta : avansa
dezvolta : înainta
dezvolta : progresa
dezvolta : pricopsi
dezvolta : spori
dezvolta : grecism
dezvolta : prohorisi
dezvolta : continuu
dezvoltare : creștere
dezvoltare : dezvoltare
dezvoltare : embriogenie
dezvoltare : vegetație
dezvoltare : evoluție
dezvoltare : desfășurare
dezvoltare : șiretenie
dezvoltat : evoluat
dezvoltat : avansat
dezvoltat : civilizat
dezvoltat : înaintat
dezvoltat : popor
dezvălui : destăinui
dezvălui : deconspira
dezvălui : divulga
dezvălui : numele
dezvăluire : arătare
dezvăluire : revelare
dezvăluire : destăinuire
dezvăluire : deconspirare
dezvăluire : divulgare
dezvăluire : numelor
dezvăluire : celor
dezvăluire : confesiune
dezvăluire : mărturisire
dezvăluire : spovedanie
dezvăluire : făcut
dezvăluire : unele
dezvăluit : destăinui
dezvăluit : deconspira
dezvăluit : divulga
dezvăluit : numele
deîmpărțit : dividend
deînmulțit : multiplicand
deşelatele : istovit
deşelatele : spetit
deşelatele : tărnițat
deşelatele : dăulat
deșela : istovi
deșela : speti
deșela : dăula
deșela : deznoda
deșelare : istovire
deșelare : spetire
deșelare : dăulare
deșelat : istovit
deșelat : spetit
deșelat : tărnițat
deșelat : dăulat
deșelate : istovit
deșelate : spetit
deșelate : tărnițat
deșelate : dăulat
deșert : pustiu
deșert : pustietate
deșert : pustiire
deșert : pustieșag
deșert : pustiiciune
deșert : deșert
deșert : bărdăhan
deșert : animalele
deșertăciune : inutilitate
deșertăciune : nimic
deșertăciune : nimicnicie
deșertăciune : zădărnicie
deșertăciune : mișelie
deșertăciune : nimicie
deșertăciune : totul
deșeu : marda
deșeuat : destărnițat
deși : concesiv
deși : maram
deși : pedig
deși : barem
deși : săvai
deși : adversativ
deși : patru
deși : picioare
deșira : desfira
deștept : inteligent
deștept : dibaci
deștept : ingenios
deștept : iscusit
deștept : îndemânatic
deștept : meșter
deștept : priceput
deștept : mehenghi
deștept : pricopsit
deștept : prinzaci
deștept : practic
deștept : breaz
deștept : chibzuit
deștept : cuminte
deștept : înțelept
deșteptăciune : agerime
deșteptăciune : dibăcie
deșteptăciune : istețime
deșteptăciune : îndemînare
deșteptăciune : pricepere
deșteptător : sculător
deștinde : descinde
deștindere : descinde
deșucheat : aiurit
deșucheat : bezmetic
deșucheat : corupt
deșucheat : decăzut
deșucheat : depravat
deșucheat : desfrânat
deșucheat : destrăbălat
deșucheat : deșănțat
deșucheat : dezmățat
deșucheat : imoral
deșucheat : impudic
deșucheat : indecent
deșucheat : necuviincios
deșucheat : nerușinat
deșucheat : obscen
deșucheat : pervertit
deșucheat : pornografic
deșucheat : scabros
deșucheat : scârbos
deșucheat : stricat
deșucheat : trivial
deșucheat : vicios
deșucheat : vulgar
deșucheat : zănatic
deșucheat : zăpăcit
deșugubină : moarte
deșugubină : omorâre
deșugubină : omucidere
deșănțare : decădere
deșănțare : depravare
deșănțare : desfrânare
deșănțare : destrăbălare
deșănțare : imoralitate
deșănțare : perdiție
deșănțare : perversitate
deșănțare : perversiune
deșănțare : pervertire
deșănțare : pierzanie
deșănțare : pierzare
deșănțare : stricăciune
deține : poseda
deține : purta
deține : numele
deținea : poseda
deținea : purta
deținea : numele
deținut : condamnat
di : interj
diabolic : demonic
diabolic : diavolesc
diabolic : drăcesc
diabolic : infernal
diabolic : necurat
diabolic : satanic
diabolic : demoniac
diabolic : mefistofelic
diabolic : satanesc
diabolic : demonicesc
diabolic : mamonic
diabolic : satanicesc
diac : grămătic
diac : pisar
diac : scrib
diac : scriitor
diac : uricar
diac : cancelariile
diac : țările
diafragma : obiectivul
diafragma : aparat
diafragmă : obiectivul
diafragmă : aparat
diaftoreză : metamorfism
diaftoreză : retrograd
diagonal : înclinat
diagonal : oblic
diagonal : piezișat
diagonală : piezișime
diagonală : trage
diagramă : grafic
dialect : idiom
dialect : vorbire
dializor : dializator
diamant : adamant
diamant : olmaz
diamantin : adamantin
diamantin : diamantic
diamantină : adamantin
diamantină : diamantic
diaree : lamoste
diaree : pântecare
diaree : pântecăraie
diaree : trepădare
diaree : urdinare
diaree : vintre
diaree : scursoare
diaree : eufemistic
diaree : deranjament
diastimă : interval
diastimă : răstimp
diatomit : kieselgur
diatomit : pămânțel
diatomit : tripoli
diatomit : pământ
diatomit : diatomee
diblar : scripcar
diblar : violonist
diblu : tiplu
dibui : descoperi
dibui : găsi
dibui : intui
dibui : înțelege
dibui : sesiza
dibăci : descoperi
dibăci : găsi
dibăcire : descoperi
dibăcire : găsi
dibăcit : descoperi
dibăcit : găsi
dichis : instrument
dicționar : lexicon
dicționar : vocabular
dicționar : cuvântar
dicționar : vorbar
dicționar : termeni
dicțiune : pronunțare
dicțiune : rostire
dicțiune : grecism
dicțiune : profora
didacticism : tezism
didahie : cuvânt
didahie : omilie
didelphys : virginiana
difamant : degradant
difamant : dezonorant
difamant : infamant
difamant : înjositor
difamant : nedemn
diferență : osebire
diferență : deosebire
diferență : deschilinire
diferență : între
diferi : deosebi
diferi : diferenția
diferi : varia
diferi : feluri
diferi : popor
diferire : deosebi
diferire : diferenția
diferire : varia
diferire : feluri
diferire : popor
diferit : deosebit
diferit : trăit
diferit : vremuri
diferiți : deosebi
diferiți : diferenția
diferiți : varia
diferiți : feluri
diferiți : popor
dificil : anevoios
dificil : ostenitor
dificil : ostenicios
dificil : delicat
dificil : ingrat
dificil : misiune
dificil : complicat
dificil : anevoie
dificil : greoi
dificil : astăzi
dificil : silnic
dificil : pretențios
dificultate : greutate
dificultate : impas
dificultate : impediment
dificultate : inconvenient
dificultate : neajuns
dificultate : nevoie
dificultate : obstacol
dificultate : opreliște
dificultate : potrivnicie
dificultate : scandal
dificultate : poprire
dificultate : stenahorie
dificultate : handicap
dificultate : depășit
difuz : confuz
difuz : imprecis
difuz : indefinit
difuz : neclar
difuz : nedefinit
difuz : nedeslușit
difuz : nelămurit
difuz : neprecis
difuz : senzație
difuz : echivoc
difuz : haotic
difuz : încâlcit
difuz : încurcat
difuz : neînțeles
difuz : obscur
difuz : tulbure
difuz : întunecat
difuz : nebulos
difuz : neguros
difuz : palid
difuz : potolit
difuz : stins
difuza : răspândi
difuza : populariza
difuza : propaga
difuza : propovădui
difuza : astăzi
difuza : vulgariza
difuza : semăna
difuza : împrăștia
difuza : revărsa
difuza : toate
difuzare : răspândire
difuzare : împrăștiere
difuzare : propagare
difuzare : revărsare
difuzare : luminii
difuzare : toate
difuzat : răspândi
difuzat : populariza
difuzat : propaga
difuzat : propovădui
difuzat : astăzi
difuzat : vulgariza
difuzat : semăna
difuzat : împrăștia
difuzat : revărsa
difuzat : toate
dig : opritoare
digera : mistui
digera : măcina
digera : râșni
digera : honipsi
digera : alimentele
digerabil : digestibil
digerat : mistuit
digestie : digerare
digestie : mistuire
digitalis : năpârstoc
digitalis : pentru
digitalis : degețel
digitalis : țâța-oii
digresiune : divagare
digresiune : divagație
digresiune : excurs
digresiune : făcut
dihanie : dobitoc
dihanie : necuvântător
dihanie : vietate
dihidromorfinonă : dilauden
dihonie : conflict
dihonie : dezacord
dihonie : dezbinare
dihonie : diferend
dihonie : discordie
dihonie : discuție
dihonie : disensiune
dihonie : dușmănie
dihonie : învrăjbire
dihonie : litigiu
dihonie : neînțelegere
dihonie : ostilitate
dihonie : pornire
dihonie : vrăjmășie
dijmui : zeciui
dijmui : produsele
dijmui : țăranului
dijmuit : dijmuire
dijmuit : zeciuire
dijmuit : zeciuit
dijmuit : țăranului
dijmuitor : dijmar
dijmuitor : strângea
dijmă : azeace
dijmă : azeciuire
dijmă : madea
dilata : umfla
dilata : fluid
dilata : poate
dilata : lărgi
dilata : mări
dilata : conduct
dilata : anatomic
dilata : timpul
dilatabil : expansibil
dilatare : umflare
dilatare : lărgire
dilatare : mărire
dilatare : conduct
dilatat : umflat
dilatat : fluid
dilatat : lărgit
dilatat : mărit
dilatat : conduct
dilatat : anatomic
dilatație : dilatare
diligent : harnic
diligent : muncitor
diligent : neobosit
diligent : neostenit
diligent : silitor
diligent : sârguincios
diligent : sârguitor
diligent : vrednic
diligență : poștalion
diligență : menzil
diligență : transporta
diligență : călători
dilua : îndoi
dilua : lungi
dilua : subția
diluare : îndoi
diluare : lungi
diluare : subția
diluat : îndoit
diluat : subțiat
diluat : subțire
diluat : rărit
diluviu : pleistocen
dimensiune : mărime
dimensiune : proporție
dimensiune : mărie
dimensiune : mărire
dimensiune : calibru
dimensiune : volum
dimensiune : gabarit
diminua : reduce
diminua : micșora
diminua : ușura
diminua : încărcătura
diminuare : reducere
diminuare : micșorare
diminuare : ușurare
diminuare : încărcăturii
diminuat : redus
diminuat : domolit
diminuat : micșorat
diminuat : potolit
diminuat : scăzut
diminuat : slăbit
dimpotrivă : invar
dimpreună : toții
din : local
din : dinspre
din : venea
din : dintru
din : îndepărtat
din : temporal
din : dintre
din : întâmplare
din : natura
din : partitiv
din : între
din : printre
din : multe
din : instrumental
dinainte : invar
dinainte : înainte
dinamic : activ
dinamic : temperament
dinamică : activ
dinamică : temperament
dinapoi : invar
dinastie : familie
dincolo : decinde
dincolo : trecut
dindărăt : invar
dinozaur : dinozaurian
dinspre : local
dinspre : venea
dinspre : relație
dinspre : rudenie
dinspre : despre
dinte : greblei
dinte : furcii
dinte : măsea
dinte : muchia
dinte : dintele-dracului
dinte : iarbă-iute
dinte : iarbă-roșie
dinte : piper-de-vale
dinte : piperul-balții
dinte : piperul-broaștei
dintre : temporal
dintre : partitiv
dintre : între
dintre : printre
dintru : local
dintru : îndepărtat
dintru : temporal
dintru : întâmplare
dintru : ~-acea
dintru : partitiv
dintru : multe
dintru : ~-ale
dintâi : invar
dinăuntru : invar
dioica : flocoșele
dioica : părălei
dioica : siminoc
dioica : floarea-patului
dioica : laba-mâții
dioica : scânteiuță-de-munte
dioica : sunătoare-de-munte
dioica : talpa-mâței
dioica : talpa-pisicii
dionisiac : bahic
dioptrie : tărie
diplegie : hemiplegie
diplomatic : politic
diplomatic : acțiune
diplomatică : politic
diplomatică : acțiune
diplomă : astăzi
diplomă : atestat
diplomă : patalama
diplomă : obținut
dipol : dublet
dipsacus : varga-ciobanului
dipsacus : scaiul-voinicului
dipsacus : varga-păstorului
direclie : stâlpar
direct : drept
direct : neocolit
direct : nemijlocit
direct : nemediat
directiv : direcțional
directivă : indicație
directivă : instrucțiune
directivă : îndrumare
directivă : normativ
directivă : recomandare
directivă : regulativ
directivă : respectat
directivă : toate
directă : drept
directă : neocolit
directă : nemijlocit
directă : nemediat
direcție : parte
direcție : linie
direcție : orientare
dirija : îndruma
dirija : regla
dirija : conduce
dirija : dirigui
dirija : îndrepta
dirija : orienta
dirija : direcționa
dirija : canaliza
dirija : discuția
dirija : sensul
dirijare : îndrumare
dirijare : reglare
dirijare : circulației
dirijat : îndruma
dirijat : regla
dirijat : conduce
dirijat : dirigui
dirijat : îndrepta
dirijat : orienta
dirijat : direcționa
dirijat : canaliza
dirijat : discuția
dirijat : sensul
disc : vocea
disc : taier
disc : embrionar
disc : formație
discina : pitacu-dracului
discina : urechea-babei
disciplina : ordine
disciplinat : ordonat
disciplinat : regulat
disciplină : ordine
discipol : învățăcel
discipol : ucenic
discipol : cirac
discipol : școlar
discipol : acolit
disconfort : inconfort
discord : dezacorda
discord : instrument
discorda : dezacorda
discorda : instrument
discordat : destins
discordat : relaxat
discordat : slăbit
discordat : destrunat
discordat : instrument
discordat : coarde
discreditare : compromitere
discreditare : discredit
discreditare : cauze
discret : tainic
discret : foarte
discreție : secret
discreție : tăcere
discreție : păstrat
discreție : asupra
discreție : celor
discurs : alocuțiune
discurs : cuvânt
discurs : cuvântare
discurs : englezism
discurs : speech
discurs : vorbire
discurs : logos
discurs : arătat
discurs : orație
discurs : propovedanie
discuta : conversa
discuta : dialoga
discuta : vorbi
discuta : întreține
discuta : convorbi
discuta : sfătui
discuta : băsădi
discuta : povesti
discuta : turvini
discuta : vorovi
discuta : despre
discutabil : șubred
discutabil : argument
discutare : dezbatere
discutare : tratare
discutare : subiect
discutat : conversa
discutat : dialoga
discutat : vorbi
discutat : întreține
discutat : convorbi
discutat : sfătui
discutat : băsădi
discutat : povesti
discutat : turvini
discutat : vorovi
discutat : despre
discuție : conversație
discuție : convorbire
discuție : dialog
discuție : colocviu
discuție : turvin
discuție : turcism
discuție : musaferea
diseca : spinteca
disecat : spinteca
disecție : disecare
disemina : propaga
diseminare : propagare
diseminat : propaga
disfuncționalitate : defecțiune
disimetric : asimetric
disimetric : nesimetric
disimilare : disimilație
disimulare : camuflare
disimulare : deghizare
disimulare : mascare
disimulat : camuflat
disimulat : deghizat
disimulat : mascat
disjunctiv : disjunct
disjunctivă : disjunct
disloca : desprinde
disloca : dezlocui
dislocare : desprindere
dislocare : dezlocuire
dislocat : desprins
dislocat : dezlocuit
dislocat : lichid
disocia : disjunge
disocia : aspect
disociat : disjunge
disociat : aspect
disociere : disociație
disparat : descompletat
disparat : desperecheat
disparat : stingher
disparat : pantof
dispare : pieri
dispare : șterge
dispare : dizolva
dispare : eclipsa
dispare : evapora
dispare : volatiliza
dispare : pierde
dispare : prăpădi
dispare : mistui
dispare : scufunda
dispare : lipsi
dispare : stinge
dispariție : pieire
dispariție : evaporare
dispariție : volatilizare
dispariție : cuiva
dispariție : moarte
dispariție : vegetației
dispariție : timpul
dispariție : cădere
dispariție : suprimare
dispariție : supresiune
dispariție : vocalelor
dispariție : încetare
dispariție : trecere
dispensa : lipsi
dispensa : serviciile
dispensare : lipsi
dispensare : serviciile
dispensat : lipsi
dispensat : serviciile
displace : repugna
displace : acest
displacere : repugna
displacere : acest
displăcea : repugna
displăcea : acest
displăcere : repugna
displăcere : acest
disponibil : liber
disponibil : neocupat
disponibil : slobod
disponibil : prisoselnic
disponibil : limita
disponibil : locurilor
dispozitiv : mecanism
dispozitiv : meșteșug
dispozitiv : ingenios
dispoziție : prescripție
dispoziție : prevedere
dispoziție : prescript
dispoziție : hotărâre
dispoziție : ordin
dispoziție : așezământ
dispoziție : carte
dispoziție : farmuta
dispoziție : mandat
dispoziție : orânduire
dispoziție : pitac
dispoziție : povelenie
dispoziție : povelire
dispoziție : strânsoare
dispoziție : șart
dispoziție : tertip
dispoziție : rusism
dispoziție : pricaz
dispoziție : situație
dispoziție : stare
dispoziție : toane
dispreț : desconsiderare
dispreț : desconsiderație
dispreț : defăimare
dispreț : acest
disprețui : desconsidera
disprețui : nesocoti
disprețui : defăima
disprețui : mepriza
disprețuire : desconsiderare
disprețuire : nesocotire
disprețuit : desconsiderat
disprețuitor : batjocoritor
disproporție : nepotrivire
disproporție : între
disproporție : elementele
dispune : decreta
dispus : decreta
disputa : desfășura
disputare : desfășurare
disputat : aprig
disputat : dârz
disputat : îndârjit
disputat : înverșunat
disputat : aprins
disputat : întrecere
dispărea : pieri
dispărea : șterge
dispărea : dizolva
dispărea : eclipsa
dispărea : evapora
dispărea : volatiliza
dispărea : pierde
dispărea : prăpădi
dispărea : mistui
dispărea : scufunda
dispărea : lipsi
dispărea : stinge
dispărere : pieri
dispărere : șterge
dispărere : dizolva
dispărere : eclipsa
dispărere : evapora
dispărere : volatiliza
dispărere : pierde
dispărere : prăpădi
dispărere : mistui
dispărere : scufunda
dispărere : lipsi
dispărere : stinge
distachya : acățele
distachya : plante
distachya : slăbănog
distant : neprietenos
distant : nesociabil
distant : rezervat
distant : glacial
distant : atitudine
distanțat : depărtat
distanță : depărtare
distanță : interval
distanță : spațiu
distanță : scopot
distanță : între
distanță : parcurs
disten : cianit
disten : silicat
disten : natural
distila : spiritualiza
distilare : distilație
distilare : spiritualizare
distilare : spiritualizație
distilat : spiritualiza
distinct : osebit
distinct : diferit
distinct : grămezi
distinctio : rafinament
distinctio : subtilitate
distincție : rafinament
distincție : subtilitate
distinge : percepe
distinge : pricepe
distinge : făcuse
distingere : deslușire
distingere : percepere
distins : deosebit
distins : delicat
distins : manierat
distins : politicos
distins : purtare
distins : aparte
distins : scump
distins : aristocrat
distins : aristocratic
distins : ilustru
distins : înalt
distins : nobil
distins : mărit
distins : slăvit
distins : blagorod
distins : blagorodnic
distins : grecism
distins : evghenicos
distins : evghenis
distins : peior
distins : simandicos
distra : amuza
distra : desfăta
distra : dispune
distra : veseli
distra : petrece
distra : râde
distra : distrage
distra : eglendisi
distra : libovi
distracție : agrement
distracție : amuzament
distracție : divertisment
distracție : plăcere
distracție : zefchiu
distracție : petrecere
distracție : neatenție
distrare : amuza
distrare : desfăta
distrare : dispune
distrare : veseli
distrare : petrece
distrare : râde
distrare : distrage
distrare : eglendisi
distrare : libovi
distrat : absent
distrat : neatent
distrat : uitit
distrat : căscat
distrat : împrăștiat
distribui : repartiza
distribui : repartira
distribuire : distribuție
distribuire : împărțire
distribuire : repartiție
distribuire : repartizare
distribuire : repărțire
distribuire : ajutoare
distribuire : pentru
distribuit : repartiza
distribuit : repartira
distribuitor : împărțitor
distribuitor : repartizor
district : comitat
district : varmeghie
district : turcism
district : vechea
distruge : devasta
distruge : nimici
distruge : pârjoli
distruge : prăpădi
distruge : pustii
distruge : pustului
distruge : strica
distruge : ieșit
distruge : lichida
distruge : zdrobi
distruge : sparge
distruge : pulveriza
distruge : șterge
distruge : nenoroci
distruge : ruina
distruge : sfărâma
distruge : ucide
distruge : toate
distruge : mânca
distruge : roade
distrugere : devastare
distrugere : nimicire
distrugere : pârjolire
distrugere : pustiire
distrugere : regiunii
distrugere : către
distrugere : zdrobire
distrugere : spargere
distrugere : ruinare
distrugere : prăpădire
distrugere : stricare
distrugere : recoltei
distrugere : cauza
distrugător : devastator
distrugător : dezastruos
distrugător : distructiv
distrugător : nimicitor
distrugător : pustiitor
distrugător : ruinător
distrugător : prăpăditor
distrugător : pierzător
distrugător : dărăpănător
distrugător : pustiicios
distrugător : risipitor
distrugător : ruinos
distrugător : ~oare
distrugător : omorâtor
distrugător : ucigător
distrugător : contratorpilor
distrus : devastat
distrus : nimicit
distrus : pârjolit
distrus : pustiit
distrus : teritoriu
distrus : potopit
distrus : prăpădit
distrus : zdrobit
distrus : risipit
distrus : zdrumicat
distrus : stropșit
distrus : zăcea
distrus : ruinat
ditionit : hidrosulfit
divergent : deosebit
divergent : diferit
divergent : concepții
divergent : asupra
divergență : neînțelegere
divergență : fricțiune
divergență : unele
divergență : între
divers : variat
divers : diferit
divers : felurit
divers : public
divers : multiplu
diversifica : ramifica
diversificare : ramificare
diversificat : ramifica
diversitate : felurime
diversitate : multiplicitate
diversitate : multilateralitate
diversitate : pluralitate
diversitate : variație
diversitate : varietate
divi : minuna
divi : nedumeri
divin : ceresc
divin : zeiesc
divin : sfânt
divin : celest
divin : îndumnezeit
divin : sânt
divin : minunat
divin : preaînalt
divin : bisericesc
divin : religios
divina : ceresc
divina : zeiesc
divina : sfânt
divina : celest
divina : îndumnezeit
divina : sânt
divina : minunat
divina : preaînalt
divina : bisericesc
divina : religios
diviniza : apoteoza
diviniza : antichitate
divinizare : deificare
divinizare : zeificare
divinizare : îndumnezeire
divinizat : deificat
divinizat : zeificat
divinizat : îndumnezeit
divinizat : înzeit
diviza : fragmenta
diviza : segmenta
divizat : fracționat
divizat : fragmentat
divizat : împărțit
divizat : segmentat
divizie : categorie
divizionism : poantilism
diviziune : împărțire
diviziune : diviziune
diviziune : despărțire
divorț : despărțire
divorț : separare
divorț : separație
divorț : despărțenie
divorț : între
divorța : separa
divorțare : separa
divorțat : despărțit
divorțat : împărțit
divulga : destăinui
divulga : deconspira
divulga : dezvălui
divulga : întreaga
divulgare : destăinuire
divulgare : deconspirare
divulgare : dezvăluire
divulgare : tuturor
divulgat : destăinui
divulgat : deconspira
divulgat : dezvălui
divulgat : întreaga
dizenterie : vintre
dizenterie : pântecare
dizenterie : pântecărie
dizenterie : apa-trândului
dizolva : solvi
dizolva : zahărul
dizolvabil : solubil
dizolvare : solvire
dizolvare : topire
dizolvare : topit
dizolvare : zahărului
dizolvare : desființare
dizolvat : topit
doamnă : madam
doamnă : ieșit
doamnă : grecism
doamnă : chera
doamnă : italienism
doamnă : soția
doamnă : domnitorului
doar : oarecum
doară : chinui
doară : ține
dobitocie : prostie
dobitocie : idioțenie
dobitocie : idioție
dobitocie : imbecilitate
dobitocie : inepție
dobitocie : neghiobie
dobitocie : nerozie
dobitocie : stupiditate
dobitocie : stupizenie
dobitocie : tâmpenie
dobitocie : prostăticie
doborâre : culcare
doborâre : dărâmare
doborâre : lungire
doborâre : prăbușire
doborâre : prăvălire
doborâre : răsturnare
doborâre : trântire
doborâre : aruncare
doborâre : azvârlire
doborâre : călărețului
doborî : arunca
doborî : azvârli
doborî : culca
doborî : dărâma
doborî : întinde
doborî : lungi
doborî : prăvăli
doborî : răsturna
doborî : trânti
doborî : așterne
doborî : păli
doborî : răntuna
doborî : poligni
doborî : secera
dobândi : căpăta
dobândi : agonisi
dobândi : procura
dobândi : însăma
dobândi : câștiga
dobândi : obține
dobândire : căpătare
dobândire : câștigare
dobândire : obținere
dobândire : faime
dobândit : căpăta
dobândit : agonisi
dobândit : procura
dobândit : însăma
dobândit : câștiga
dobândit : obține
doclad : raport
doclad : referat
doct : erudit
doct : învățat
docta : erudit
docta : învățat
doctor : medic
doctor : vraci
doctori : medic
doctori : vraci
doctorie : medicament
doctorie : remediu
doctorie : spițerie
doctorie : eficace
doctrină : sistem
doctrină : teorie
document : hârtie
document : legitimație
documenta : cerceta
documenta : informa
documenta : studia
documenta : vedea
documenta : pliroforisi
documenta : scris
documenta : despre
documentare : documentație
documentare : informare
documentare : informație
documentat : informat
docăni : certa
docăni : dăscăli
docăni : dojeni
docăni : moraliza
docănire : certa
docănire : dăscăli
docănire : dojeni
docănire : moraliza
docănit : certa
docănit : dăscăli
docănit : dojeni
docănit : moraliza
dodecafonic : dodecafonist
dodecafonie : dodecafonism
doftori : îndrepta
doftori : înfiripa
doftori : îngriji
doftori : întrema
doftori : înzdrăveni
doftori : lecui
doftori : reface
doftori : restabili
doftori : ridica
doftori : tămădui
doftori : trata
doftoricesc : îndrepta
doftoricesc : înfiripa
doftoricesc : îngriji
doftoricesc : întrema
doftoricesc : înzdrăveni
doftoricesc : lecui
doftoricesc : reface
doftoricesc : restabili
doftoricesc : ridica
doftoricesc : tămădui
doftoricesc : trata
doftoricește : îndrepta
doftoricește : înfiripa
doftoricește : îngriji
doftoricește : întrema
doftoricește : înzdrăveni
doftoricește : lecui
doftoricește : reface
doftoricește : restabili
doftoricește : ridica
doftoricește : tămădui
doftoricește : trata
doftorici : îndrepta
doftorici : înfiripa
doftorici : îngriji
doftorici : întrema
doftorici : înzdrăveni
doftorici : lecui
doftorici : reface
doftorici : restabili
doftorici : ridica
doftorici : tămădui
doftorici : trata
doftoricire : îndrepta
doftoricire : înfiripa
doftoricire : îngriji
doftoricire : întrema
doftoricire : înzdrăveni
doftoricire : lecui
doftoricire : reface
doftoricire : restabili
doftoricire : ridica
doftoricire : tămădui
doftoricire : trata
doftoricit : îndrepta
doftoricit : înfiripa
doftoricit : îngriji
doftoricit : întrema
doftoricit : înzdrăveni
doftoricit : lecui
doftoricit : reface
doftoricit : restabili
doftoricit : ridica
doftoricit : tămădui
doftoricit : trata
doftorire : îndrepta
doftorire : înfiripa
doftorire : îngriji
doftorire : întrema
doftorire : înzdrăveni
doftorire : lecui
doftorire : reface
doftorire : restabili
doftorire : ridica
doftorire : tămădui
doftorire : trata
doftorit : îndrepta
doftorit : înfiripa
doftorit : îngriji
doftorit : întrema
doftorit : înzdrăveni
doftorit : lecui
doftorit : reface
doftorit : restabili
doftorit : ridica
doftorit : tămădui
doftorit : trata
dogar : butar
dogar : botar
dogar : butnar
dogar : pinter
dogger : jurasic
dogger : mediu
dogit : hârâitor
dogmatic : mecanic
dogmatic : rigid
dogmatic : schematic
dogmatic : simplist
dogmatic : interpretare
dogmatic : dogmatist
dogmatic : adept
dogmatică : mecanic
dogmatică : rigid
dogmatică : schematic
dogmatică : simplist
dogmatică : interpretare
dogmatică : dogmatist
dogmatică : adept
dogoare : văpaie
dogorit : pârlit
dogorit : prigorit
dogărie : butărie
dogărie : butnărie
dogărie : butnărit
doi : breaza
doi : ungureasca
doime : jumătate
doime : dintr-un
doinaș : doinar
doinaș : cânta
doinesc : trăgăna
doinesc : foarte
doini : trăgăna
doini : foarte
doinire : doinit
doinire : trăgănare
doinit : doinire
doinit : trăgănare
dol : viclenie
dol : pentru
doldora : invar
doldora : încărcat
doldora : îndesat
doldora : înțesat
doldora : ticsit
doliu : jelanie
domeniu : sector
domeniu : teren
domeniu : artei
domeniu : compartiment
domeniu : cadru
domeniu : câmp
domeniu : resort
domeniu : serviciu
domeniu : public
domeniu : făcut
domestic : dumesnic
domestic : casnic
domestic : menajer
domestica : dumesnic
domestica : casnic
domestica : menajer
domestici : îmblânzi
domestici : dumesnici
domestici : supune
domestici : animal
domesticire : îmblânzire
domesticire : dumesnicire
domesticire : animal
domesticit : îmblânzit
domesticit : dumesnicit
domesticit : sălbatic
domiciliere : locuire
domiciliere : ședere
domiciliere : acolo
domiciliere : durat
domina : stăpâni
domina : abține
domina : înfrâna
domina : răbda
domina : reține
domina : putut
dominat : stăpâni
dominat : abține
dominat : înfrâna
dominat : răbda
dominat : reține
dominat : putut
dominație : control
dominație : domnie
dominație : putere
dominație : stăpânire
domine : stăpâni
domine : abține
domine : înfrâna
domine : răbda
domine : reține
domine : putut
domini : stăpâni
domini : abține
domini : înfrâna
domini : răbda
domini : reține
domini : putut
domn : cucon
domn : musiu
domn : grecism
domn : italienism
domn : signor
domnesc : voievodal
domnesc : gospod
domnesc : stăpânesc
domnesc : vlădicesc
domnesc : sceptru
domnește : boierește
domni : cârmui
domni : conduce
domni : dirigui
domni : guverna
domni : stăpâni
domni : oblădui
domni : birui
domni : chivernisi
domni : ocârmui
domni : povățui
domni : glorie
domnie : cârmuire
domnie : conducere
domnie : diriguire
domnie : guvernare
domnie : stăpânire
domnie : oblăduire
domnie : chivernisire
domnie : ocârmuire
domnie : purtare
domnie : purtat
domnie : stăpânie
domnie : vlădicie
domnie : țării
domnie : vremea
domnie : scaun
domnie : sceptru
domnie : pierdut
domnitor : cârmuitor
domnitor : conducător
domnitor : monarh
domnitor : stăpânitor
domnitor : suveran
domnitor : voievod
domnitor : astăzi
domnitor : oblăduitor
domnitor : biruitor
domnitor : gospodar
domnitor : gospodin
domnitor : ocârmuitor
domnitor : purtător
domnitor : cârmaci
domnitor : marele
domnișoară : duduie
domol : căldișor
domoli : potoli
domoli : încetini
domoli : liniști
domoli : tempera
domoli : calma
domoli : stăpâni
domolire : potolire
domolire : încetinire
domolire : fugii
domolit : încetinit
domolit : liniștit
domolit : potolit
dona : dărui
dona : dănui
donare : donație
donat : dărui
donat : dănui
donati : dărui
donati : dănui
donator : dănuitor
donată : dărui
donată : dănui
donație : concr
donație : danie
donație : dăruire
donație : hărăzire
donație : oboroc
dondăni : bâigui
dondăni : bolborosi
dondăni : bombăni
dondăni : boscorodi
dondăni : cicăli
dondăni : dăscăli
dondăni : flecări
dondăni : gângăvi
dondăni : îndruga
dondăni : îngăima
dondăni : îngâna
dondăni : murmura
dondăni : pălăvrăgi
dondăni : plictisi
dondănire : bâigui
dondănire : bolborosi
dondănire : bombăni
dondănire : boscorodi
dondănire : cicăli
dondănire : dăscăli
dondănire : flecări
dondănire : gângăvi
dondănire : îndruga
dondănire : îngăima
dondănire : îngâna
dondănire : murmura
dondănire : pălăvrăgi
dondănire : plictisi
dondănit : bâigui
dondănit : bolborosi
dondănit : bombăni
dondănit : boscorodi
dondănit : cicăli
dondănit : dăscăli
dondănit : flecări
dondănit : gângăvi
dondănit : îndruga
dondănit : îngăima
dondănit : îngâna
dondănit : murmura
dondănit : pălăvrăgi
dondănit : plictisi
donicioară : cofăiel
doniță : șofei
donă : dărui
donă : dănui
dopare : dopaj
dopare : doping
dor : alean
dor : nostalgie
dori : jindui
dori : pofti
dori : râvni
dori : dezidera
dori : jelui
dori : poftisi
dori : vreme
dorință : deziderat
dorință : exprimat
dorire : jindui
dorire : pofti
dorire : râvni
dorire : dezidera
dorire : jelui
dorire : poftisi
dorire : vreme
dorit : ahtiat
dorit : dornic
dorit : jinduit
dorit : jinduitor
dorit : râvnitor
dorit : înfometat
dorit : însetat
dorit : lacom
dorit : setos
dorit : senzații
doritoare : dornic
doritoare : nerăbdător
doritor : dornic
doritor : nerăbdător
dorjincă : hotar
dormi : odihni
dormi : repauza
dormi : somna
dormi : poposi
dormi : răposa
dormi : soili
dormi : poate
dormi : deranjat
dormi : mânea
dormi : peste
dormi : noapte
dormind : odihni
dormind : repauza
dormind : somna
dormind : poposi
dormind : răposa
dormind : soili
dormind : poate
dormind : deranjat
dormind : mânea
dormind : peste
dormind : noapte
dormire : odihni
dormire : repauza
dormire : somna
dormire : poposi
dormire : răposa
dormire : soili
dormire : poate
dormire : deranjat
dormire : mânea
dormire : peste
dormire : noapte
dormit : repaus
dormitoare : culcare
dormitoare : iatac
dormitor : culcare
dormitor : iatac
dornic : doritor
dornic : nerăbdător
dornă : vârtej
dornă : vâltoare
dorobanț : căciular
dorobanț : curcan
dorobanț : daraban
dorobanț : vechea
dorovăi : degrada
dorovăi : măcina
dorovăi : părăgini
dorovăi : ruina
dorovăire : degrada
dorovăire : măcina
dorovăire : părăgini
dorovăire : ruina
dorsal : posterior
dorycnium : fălcăție
dorycnium : sunătoare
dorycnium : floarea-vinului
dorycnium : trifoi-sălbatic
dorycnium : trifoiul-caprelor
dos : spate
dos : vasul
dosadă : durere
dosadă : injurie
dosadă : întristare
dosadă : jignire
dosadă : mâhnire
dosadă : rușine
dosi : ascunde
dosi : imediat
dosi : dosit
dosnic : ascuns
dosnic : dosit
dosnic : ferit
dosnic : izolat
dosnic : lăturalnic
dosnic : retras
dosnic : singuratic
dosnic : tainic
dosnic : tăinuit
dosnic : săcret
dosnică : ascuns
dosnică : dosit
dosnică : ferit
dosnică : izolat
dosnică : lăturalnic
dosnică : retras
dosnică : singuratic
dosnică : tainic
dosnică : tăinuit
dosnică : săcret
dospi : crește
dospi : răsări
dospi : aveni
dospire : creștere
dospit : crescut
dostoi : cădea
dostoi : cuveni
dostoianie : patrimoniu
dostoire : cădea
dostoire : cuveni
dostoit : cădea
dostoit : cuveni
dosădi : îndurera
dosădi : întrista
dosădire : îndurera
dosădire : întrista
dosădit : deprimat
dosădit : descurajat
dosădit : indispus
dosădit : îndurerat
dosădit : întristat
dosădit : mâhnit
dosădit : necăjit
dosădit : supărat
dota : echipa
dota : înzestra
dota : prevedea
dota : utila
dota : provedea
dota : dărui
dotare : dotație
dotare : echipare
dotare : înzestrare
dotare : prevedere
dotare : utilare
dotare : uzine
dotare : împodobire
dotare : naștere
dotare : multe
dotație : zestre
dotație : parte
dotație : latinism
dotație : profecticie
doua : breaza
doua : ungureasca
două : breaza
două : ungureasca
dovadă : indicație
dovadă : indiciu
dovadă : mărturie
dovadă : testimoniu
dovadă : scrisoare
dovadă : răspuns
dovadă : numeroase
dovadă : sprijinul
dovadă : atestare
dovedi : demonstra
dovedi : argumenta
dovedi : întări
dovedi : proba
dovedi : susține
dovedi : temeinic
dovedit : adeverit
dovedit : confirmat
dovedit : demonstrat
dovedit : probat
dovedit : verificat
dovedit : ți-am
dovedit : lucru
dovleac : pepene
dovleac : bostan
dovleac : dulete
dovleac : ludaie
dovlecel : bostănel
dovâncat : concav
dovâncătură : concavitate
doxo : intelect
doxo : minte
doxo : pricepere
doxo : rațiune
doxologie : slavoslovie
doxologie : cântare
doxă : intelect
doxă : minte
doxă : pricepere
doxă : rațiune
doza : potrivi
doza : proporționa
doza : substanțele
doza : într-un
doza : grada
dozaj : dozare
dozaj : gradare
dozaj : nuanțare
dozare : dozaj
dozare : potrivire
dozare : proporționare
dozare : substanțelor
dozare : într-un
dozare : gradare
dozare : nuanțare
dozat : potrivi
dozat : proporționa
dozat : substanțele
dozat : într-un
dozat : grada
doză : porție
doză : tuție
drac : demon
drac : diavol
drac : încornoratul
drac : naiba
drac : necuratul
drac : tartor
drac : belzebut
drac : scaraoțchi
drac : nichipercea
drac : pârlea
drac : faraon
drac : împelițatul
drac : mititelul
drac : nefârtatul
drac : nevoia
drac : pârdalnicul
drac : procletul
drac : pustiul
drac : vicleanul
drac : ducă-se-pe-pustii
drac : ucigă-l-crucea
drac : ucigă-l-toaca
drac : mamon
drac : săcretul
drac : sotea
drac : hâdache
drac : năpustul
drac : spurc
drac : spurcat
drac : șeitan
drac : ucigan
drac : benga
drac : mutul
drac : pocnetul
drac : sarsan
drac : scaloi
drac : șlactrafu
drac : împiedicătorul
drac : nepriitorul
drac : eufemistic
drac : păcatul
drac : drac-de-mare
drac : dragon
dracilă : lemn-galben
dracilă : măcriș-păsăresc
dracilă : măcriș-spinos
dracocephalum : bosioc-de-munte
dracocephalum : busuiocul-stupului
draconic : draconian
dracunculus : sagna-calului
drag : iubit
drag : îndrăgit
drag : scump
drag : dulce
draga : iubit
draga : îndrăgit
draga : scump
draga : dulce
dragare : dragaj
dragare : minelor
dragavei : ștevie
dragavei : crestățea
dragavei : limba-boului
dragaveică : dragavei
dragaveică : ștevie
dragoman : tergiman
dragomir : calului
dragon : constelație
dragon : emisfera
dragoste : iubire
dragoste : cartea
dragoste : afecțiune
dragoste : înconjura
dragoste : masa-raiului
dragă : iubit
dragă : îndrăgit
dragă : scump
dragă : dulce
dramaturgie : teatru
dramaturgie : îmbogățit
drapa : material
drapare : material
drapat : cutat
drapel : steag
drapel : stindard
drapel : poetic
drapel : banderiu
drapel : prapur
drastic : extrem
drastic : radical
drastic : eficace
drastic : eficient
drastic : energic
drastic : puternic
drastic : medicament
dreavă : drâng
dreavă : pentru
dreavă : bătut
drege : cârpi
drege : repara
drege : obiect
dregere : depanație
dregere : refacere
dregere : reparare
dregere : reparat
dregătorie : poziție
drenare : drenaj
drepnea : lăstun-mare
drepnea : lăstun-negru
drepnea : rândunică-de-munte
drepnea : rândunică-de-pădure
drepnea : rândunică-de-ploaie
drepnea : rândunică-de-turn
drepnea : rândunică-de-ziduri
dreptar : colțar
dreptar : echer
dreptar : ghiunie
dreptate : echitate
dreptate : justiție
dreptate : numele
dreptunghi : rectangul
dreptunghiular : rectangular
dres : ciorapi-pantalon
dresa : deprinde
dresa : animal
dresa : întocmi
dresa : redacta
dresare : întocmire
dresare : redactare
dresat : învățat
dresor : îmblânzitor
dresuri : ciorapi-pantalon
dresură : dresaj
dreve : drâng
dreve : pentru
dreve : bătut
drețe : lotus
drețe : duminecea
drețe : gălbenele
drețe : scrântitoare
dribling : driblaj
dribling : driblare
dribling : portarul
dric : funebru
dric : funerar
dric : mortuar
dricar : cioclu
dricui : bătători
dricui : bătuci
dricui : îndesa
dricui : presa
dricui : scormoni
dricuire : bătători
dricuire : bătuci
dricuire : îndesa
dricuire : presa
dricuire : scormoni
dricuit : bătători
dricuit : bătuci
dricuit : îndesa
dricuit : presa
dricuit : scormoni
dripi : bătători
dripi : bătuci
dripi : îndesa
dripire : bătători
dripire : bătuci
dripire : îndesa
dripit : bătători
dripit : bătuci
dripit : îndesa
drișcui : fățui
drișcuire : drișcuit
drișcuire : fățuire
drișcuire : fățuit
drișcuire : tencuielii
drișcă : fățuitoare
drișcă : netezitoare
drișcă : pentru
droagă : funebru
droagă : funerar
droagă : mortuar
drobișor : drobușor
drobiță : drobișor
drobiță : drobușor
drobușor : boiengioaie
drobușor : cardama
drobușor : drobișor
drobușor : laba-mâței
drojdie : selecționat
drojdie : ferment
drojdie : logor
drojdie : fundul
dropgol : picior
dropioi : zdrob
dropioi : mitropolit
dropioi : bărbătușul
drot : resort
droșcar : surugiu
drugi : plazuri
drugă : cocean
drum : făcut
drum : drumuri
drummondi : drummondi
drummondi : rotocoale
drumui : colinda
drumui : cutreiera
drumui : peregrina
drumui : umbla
drumuire : colinda
drumuire : cutreiera
drumuire : peregrina
drumuire : umbla
drumuit : colinda
drumuit : cutreiera
drumuit : peregrina
drumuit : umbla
drumuleț : drumușor
dryas : cerențel
drâgla : părui
drâgla : pieptăna
drâglu : darac
drâglu : dărăcitor
drâgâi : hâțâna
drâgâi : hodorogi
drâgâi : hurduca
drâgâi : hurui
drâgâi : scutura
drâgâi : zdroncăni
drâgâi : zdruncina
drâmbă : cânta
drăcește : diavolește
drăcoaică : mitologia
drăcărie : drăcovenie
drăcărie : năzbâtie
drăgaica : sânziene
drăgaica : sărbătorește
drăgaică : sânziene
drăgaică : sărbătorește
drăgosteală : dezmierdare
drăgosti : dezmierda
drăgostire : dezmierdare
drăgostit : dezmierda
drăguț : frumușel
drăguț : dulce
drăguț : copil
drăgălășenie : farmec
drăgălășenie : grație
drăgălășenie : șarm
drăgăstos : languros
drăgăstos : tandru
drăgăstos : aruncat
drăgăstos : privire
drămui : drămălui
drămuire : drămăluire
drămuit : drămălui
drămăluire : drămuire
du : demon
du : diavol
du : epilepsie
du : încornoratul
du : naiba
du : necuratul
dualitate : dualism
dubeală : argăsire
dubeală : argăsit
dubeală : tăbăcire
dubios : suspect
dubios : echivoc
dubios : îndoielnic
dubios : necurat
dubire : argăsire
dubire : argăsit
dubire : tăbăcire
dublu : îndoit
dublu : plătit
dubălar : caraban
dubălar : nasicorn
duce : herțog
ductilitate : ductibilitate
dud : pomițar
dud : frăgar
duduitură : cutremurare
duduitură : duduit
duduitură : bubuire
duduitură : bubuit
duduitură : detonație
duduitură : detunare
duduitură : detunat
duduitură : trăsnet
duduitură : vuiet
duduitură : detunet
duduitură : sunet
duduitură : durăit
duduitură : duruit
duduitură : huruit
duduitură : durduit
duduitură : vehicul
duel : rusism
duel : poedinoc
duel : provocat
duet : celebru
dughie : mohor
dughie : părâng
dughie : mei-păsăresc
duglan : puturos
duglan : trândav
dugliș : puturos
dugliș : trândav
dugos : încăpățânat
dugos : îndărătnic
dugos : morocănos
dugos : necomunicativ
dugos : neprietenos
dugos : nesociabil
dugos : posac
dugos : recalcitrant
dugos : refractar
dugos : taciturn
dugos : tăcut
dugos : urâcios
duh : spirit
duhli : mirosi
duhori : mirosi
duhorire : mirosi
duhovnicesc : bisericesc
duhovnicesc : religios
duhovnicesc : spiritual
duhovnicesc : sufletesc
duhovnicesc : preoțesc
duhovnicesc : popesc
duios : trist
duios : îndurerat
duios : întristat
duios : confesa
dulamă : suman
dulandragiu : golan
dulandragiu : haimana
dulcamara : buruiană-de-dalac
dulcamara : patlagină-de-dalac
dulcamara : vița-corcilor
dulcamara : vița-evreilor
dulcamara : umbra-nopții
dulcamara : solan
dulce : nesărat
dulceag : dulciu
dulceag : fruct
dulceață : pecmez
dulceață : silvoiz
dulciuri : cofeturi
dulciuri : zaharicale
dulciuri : zăhărele
dulciuri : grecism
dulciuri : zumaricale
dulciuri : mâncat
dulciuri : multe
dulf : crucea
dulf : numele
dulf : constelații
dulgher : lemnar
dulgher : teslar
dulgher : cioplitor
dulgheri : lemnar
dulgheri : teslar
dulgheri : cioplitor
dulgherie : dulgherit
dulgherie : lemnărie
dulgherie : teslărie
dulie : fasung
dulăpior : pentru
dulău : zăvod
dulău : pugleu
dulău : pentru
dulău : păzit
dumbeț : jugărel
dumbeț : șugărel
dumbravă : rădiac
dumbravă : rediu
dumbravă : zăbran
dumbravă : pădure
dumbrăveancă : garrulus
dumbrăveancă : corb-albastru
dumeri : înțelege
dumeri : lămuri
dumeri : pricepe
dumeri : trezi
dumeri : te-ai
dumeri : ce-am
dumica : mesteca
dumica : sfârteca
dumicare : mesteca
dumicare : sfârteca
duminecea : lotus
duminecea : thermalis
duminecea : gălbenele
duminecea : scrântitoare
duminică : florii
duminică : duminica
duminică : vlăstarilor
duminică : staurile
dumneasa : dumnealui
dumnezeiește : splendid
dumnezeu : puternicul
dumnezeu : creatorul
dumnezeu : divinitate
dumnezeu : domnul
dumnezeu : dumnezeire
dumnezeu : părinte
dumnezeu : stăpânul
dumnezeu : ziditorul
dumnezeu : limbajul
dumnezeu : bisericesc
dumnezeu : preabunul
dumnezeu : preaînaltul
dumnezeu : preaputernicul
dumnezeu : pronie
dumnezeu : sfântul
dumnezeu : sântul
dumnezeu : atotțiitorul
dunga : tărca
dunga : vărga
dunga : vârsta
dunga : material
dungare : tărca
dungare : vărga
dungare : vârsta
dungare : material
dungă : linie
dungă : ștraif
dungă : peretele
dungă : striație
dungățea : purpureus
dungățea : nohot
dunărean : danubian
dupac : ghiont
duplicat : copie
duplicata : copie
dupuros : deranjat
dupuros : neîngrijit
dupuros : vâlvoi
după : local
după : dinapoia
după : dindărătul
după : înapoia
după : îndărătul
după : temporal
după : peste
după : întors
după : modal
după : conform
după : potrivit
după : lucrat
după : cauzal
după : pentru
după : lacrimi
după : copilul
după : instrumental
după : printru
după : relație
după : rudenie
după : dinspre
după : despre
dupăci : îmboldi
dupăci : îmbrânci
dupăci : împinge
dupăcire : îmboldi
dupăcire : îmbrânci
dupăcire : împinge
dupăcit : îmboldi
dupăcit : îmbrânci
dupăcit : împinge
dupăi : izbucni
dupăi : pufni
dupăire : izbucni
dupăire : pufni
dupăit : tropăit
dupăitură : tropăit
dur : agresiv
dur : bătăios
dur : brutal
dur : coleric
dur : impulsiv
dur : nestăpânit
dur : violent
dur : belicos
dur : temperament
durabil : rezistent
durabil : solid
durabil : trainic
durabil : dăinuitor
durabil : vârtos
durabil : nestrămutat
durabil : țiitor
durabil : construcție
durabil : stabil
durabil : statornic
durabil : stătător
durabil : stare
durabil : persistent
durabil : peren
durabilitate : soliditate
durabilitate : tărie
durabilitate : trăinicie
durabilitate : statornicie
durabilitate : nestrămutare
duramater : pahimeninge
durată : întindere
durată : lungime
durată : mărime
durată : interval
durată : răstimp
durd : bucălat
durd : dolofan
durd : durduliu
durd : grăsan
durd : grăsuliu
durd : rotofei
durdui : tremura
durdui : dudui
durduire : tremura
durduire : dudui
durduit : durăit
durduit : duruit
durduit : huruit
dure : agresiv
dure : bătăios
dure : brutal
dure : coleric
dure : impulsiv
dure : nestăpânit
dure : violent
dure : belicos
dure : temperament
durea : chinui
durea : ține
durere : duroare
durham : shorthorn
durifica : întări
durificare : întărire
durificat : întări
duritate : agresivitate
duritate : brutalitate
duritate : impulsivitate
duritate : nestăpânire
duro : agresiv
duro : bătăios
duro : brutal
duro : coleric
duro : impulsiv
duro : nestăpânit
duro : violent
duro : belicos
duro : temperament
duruitoare : cădere
durut : chinui
durut : ține
durăt : bubuit
durăt : detonație
durăt : detunare
durăt : detunat
durăt : duduit
durăt : durăit
durăt : duruit
durăt : huruit
durăt : trăsnet
durăt : tunet
dus : căzut
dus : înfundat
dus : ochii
dușcă : scopot
duși : toane
dușman : adversar
dușman : inamic
dușman : potrivnic
dușman : pizmuitor
dușman : pizmătar
dușman : neamic
dușman : neprieten
dușman : nepriitor
dușman : sculător
dușmănesc : inamic
dușmănesc : neprietenesc
dușmănesc : neprietenos
dușmănesc : ostil
dușmănesc : potrivnic
dușmănește : vrăjmășește
dușmăni : învrăjbi
dușmăni : îndușmăni
dușmăni : pizmui
dușmăni : gilălui
dușmăni : împerechea
dușmăni : nenăvidi
dușmăni : pizmi
dușmăni : urgisi
dușmănie : animozitate
dușmănie : discordie
dușmănie : învrăjbire
dușmănie : ostilitate
dușmănie : pornire
dușmănie : vrăjmășie
dușmănie : zâzanie
dușmănie : inimiciție
dușmănie : price
dușmănie : dihonie
dușmănie : pizmuire
dușmănie : poxie
dușmănie : mozavirie
dușmănie : neprietenie
dușmănie : patos
dușmănie : urâciune
dușmănie : vrăjbie
dușmănie : latinism
dușmănie : rancoare
dușmănie : între
dușmănire : învrăjbi
dușmănire : îndușmăni
dușmănire : pizmui
dușmănire : gilălui
dușmănire : împerechea
dușmănire : nenăvidi
dușmănire : pizmi
dușmănire : urgisi
dușmănit : învrăjbi
dușmănit : îndușmăni
dușmănit : pizmui
dușmănit : gilălui
dușmănit : împerechea
dușmănit : nenăvidi
dușmănit : pizmi
dușmănit : urgisi
dușmănos : inamic
dușmănos : neprietenesc
dușmănos : neprietenos
dușmănos : ostil
dușmănos : potrivnic
dușmănos : pizmuitor
dușmănos : vrăjmășesc
dușmănos : pizmătar
dușmănos : vrăjmășos
dușmănos : dușmănesc
dușmănos : mânios
dușmănos : potrivitor
dușmănos : acțiune
dușmănos : advers
dușmănos : privire
dușmănos : răutăcios
dușmănos : aspid
dușmănos : veninos
dușumea : podea
dușumea : planșete
dysenterica : dysenterica
dysenterica : punga-babei
dâcos : invidios
dâcos : pizmuitor
dâcă : gelozie
dâcă : invidie
dâcă : necaz
dâcă : pornire
dâlboană : vârtej
dâlboană : vâltoare
dâlmă : înălțime
dâmb : înălțime
dâmb : dealului
dâra : șarampoi
dârdală : penalitate
dârdâi : îndruga
dârdâi : pălăvrăgi
dârdâire : îndruga
dârdâire : pălăvrăgi
dârjală : ciomag
dârjală : mâner
dârzenie : îndârjire
dârzenie : înverșunare
dârzenie : dispute
dârzie : curaj
dârzie : dârzenie
dârzie : încumetare
dârzie : neînfricare
dârzie : semeție
dâră : șarampoi
dă : desigur
dă : firește
dă : turcism
dă : helbet
dă : mergi
dăbilar : percepție
dăbălăza : bosumfla
dăbălăza : îmbufna
dăbălăzare : bosumfla
dăbălăzare : îmbufna
dăbălăzat : blegit
dăbălăzat : bosumflat
dăbălăzat : clăpăug
dăbălăzat : îmbufnat
dăbălăzat : lăsat
dăina : clătina
dăina : legăna
dăina : oscila
dăinare : clătina
dăinare : legăna
dăinare : oscila
dăinat : clătina
dăinat : legăna
dăinat : oscila
dăinui : exista
dăinui : ține
dăinui : păstra
dăinui : perpetua
dăinui : persista
dăinui : rămâne
dăinui : subzista
dăinui : locui
dăinui : petrece
dăinui : lumea
dăinui : menține
dăinuire : menținere
dăinuitor : rezistent
dăinuitor : solid
dăină : clătina
dăină : legăna
dăină : oscila
dăjdiar : percepție
dăjdiar : birnic
dăjdiar : contribuabil
dăjdiar : perceptor
dăjdiar : subiect
dălbină : vârtej
dălbină : vâltoare
dănac : băiețandru
dănac : copilandru
dănac : flăcăiandru
dănac : fecior
dăndănaie : gălăgie
dăndănaie : hărmălaie
dăndănaie : huiet
dăndănaie : năzbâție
dăndănaie : năzdrăvănie
dăndănaie : pocinog
dăndănaie : scandal
dăndănaie : șotie
dăndănaie : tărăboi
dăndănaie : trăsnaie
dăndănaie : tumult
dăndănaie : vacarm
dăndănaie : vuiet
dănui : dărui
dănuit : dărui
dănănaie : bazaconie
dănănaie : belea
dănănaie : bizarerie
dănănaie : bâzdâganie
dănănaie : boarfe
dănănaie : bucluc
dănănaie : bulendre
dănănaie : catrafuse
dănănaie : ciudățenie
dănănaie : curiozitate
dănănaie : dandana
dănănaie : drăcie
dănănaie : drăcovenie
dănănaie : gălăgie
dănănaie : hărmălaie
dănănaie : huiet
dănănaie : minunăție
dănănaie : năstrușnicie
dănănaie : năzbâtie
dănănaie : năzdrăvănie
dănănaie : neajuns
dănănaie : necaz
dănănaie : nemulțumire
dănănaie : nenorocire
dănănaie : neplăcere
dănănaie : nevoie
dănănaie : pacoste
dănănaie : pocinog
dănănaie : scandal
dănănaie : supărare
dănănaie : șotie
dănănaie : tărăboi
dănănaie : trăsnaie
dănănaie : troace
dănănaie : tumult
dănănaie : țoale
dănănaie : vacarm
dănănaie : vuiet
dănănăi : bazaconie
dănănăi : belea
dănănăi : bizarerie
dănănăi : bâzdâganie
dănănăi : boarfe
dănănăi : bucluc
dănănăi : bulendre
dănănăi : catrafuse
dănănăi : ciudățenie
dănănăi : curiozitate
dănănăi : dandana
dănănăi : drăcie
dănănăi : drăcovenie
dănănăi : gălăgie
dănănăi : hărmălaie
dănănăi : huiet
dănănăi : minunăție
dănănăi : năstrușnicie
dănănăi : năzbâtie
dănănăi : năzdrăvănie
dănănăi : neajuns
dănănăi : necaz
dănănăi : nemulțumire
dănănăi : nenorocire
dănănăi : neplăcere
dănănăi : nevoie
dănănăi : pacoste
dănănăi : pocinog
dănănăi : scandal
dănănăi : supărare
dănănăi : șotie
dănănăi : tărăboi
dănănăi : trăsnaie
dănănăi : troace
dănănăi : tumult
dănănăi : țoale
dănănăi : vacarm
dănănăi : vuiet
dărab : crâmpei
dărab : fracțiune
dărab : fragment
dărab : parte
dărab : porțiune
dărab : secțiune
dărnicie : generozitate
dărnicie : mărinimie
dărnicie : liberalitate
dărnicie : filotimie
dărnicie : magnanimitate
dărnicie : marinimozitate
dărnicie : mărime
dărnicie : galantonie
dărui : oferi
dărui : prosfora
dărui : grecism
dărui : prosferisi
dăruit : oferi
dăruit : prosfora
dăruit : grecism
dăruit : prosferisi
dăruitor : darnic
dăruitor : generos
dărușag : cadou
dărâma : dărăpăna
dărâma : nărui
dărâma : prăvăli
dărâma : risipi
dărâma : surpa
dărâma : hurui
dărâma : îmburda
dărâma : sodomi
dărâma : prăpădi
dărâma : veche
dărâmat : dărăpănat
dărâmat : năruit
dărâmat : prăbușit
dărâmat : prăvălit
dărâmat : risipit
dărâmat : surpat
dărâmat : hâit
dărâmat : veche
dărâmat : construcție
dărăci : pieptăna
dărăci : scărmăna
dărăci : drâgla
dărăci : hecela
dărăci : lâna
dărăci : carda
dărăci : industrial
dărăci : material
dărăcire : dărăcit
dărăcire : pieptănare
dărăcire : scărmănare
dărăcire : cardare
dărăcit : pieptănat
dărăcit : scărmănat
dărăcit : cardat
dărăpăna : dărâma
dărăpăna : nărui
dărăpăna : prăvăli
dărăpăna : risipi
dărăpăna : surpa
dărăpăna : hurui
dărăpăna : îmburda
dărăpăna : sodomi
dărăpăna : prăpădi
dărăpăna : zidul
dărăpănare : cădere
dărăpănare : dărâmare
dărăpănare : dărâmat
dărăpănare : năruire
dărăpănare : năruit
dărăpănare : prăbușire
dărăpănare : prăvălire
dărăpănare : risipire
dărăpănare : surpare
dărăpănare : surpat
dărăpănat : dărâmat
dărăpănat : năruit
dărăpănat : prăbușit
dărăpănat : prăvălit
dărăpănat : risipit
dărăpănat : surpat
dărăpănat : hâit
dărăpănat : construcție
dărăpănător : dezastruos
dărăpănător : distructiv
dărăpănător : distrugător
dărăpănător : nimicitor
dărăpănător : pustiitor
dăscălesc : dăscălicesc
dăscălește : admonesta
dăscălește : certa
dăscălește : dojeni
dăscălește : moraliza
dăscălește : mustra
dăscălește : beșteli
dăscălește : muștrului
dăscălește : probozi
dăscălește : sfădi
dăscălește : sudui
dăscălește : înfrunta
dăscălește : oropsi
dăscălește : stropoli
dăscălește : cârti
dăscălește : tolocăni
dăscălește : bănui
dăscălește : docăni
dăscălește : mogorogi
dăscălește : moronci
dăscălește : puțui
dăscălește : șmotri
dăscălește : vrevi
dăscălește : preobrăzi
dăscălește : prihăni
dăscălește : probăzui
dăscălește : prociti
dăscălește : săpuni
dăscălește : scutura
dăscăli : admonesta
dăscăli : certa
dăscăli : dojeni
dăscăli : moraliza
dăscăli : mustra
dăscăli : beșteli
dăscăli : muștrului
dăscăli : probozi
dăscăli : sfădi
dăscăli : sudui
dăscăli : înfrunta
dăscăli : oropsi
dăscăli : stropoli
dăscăli : cârti
dăscăli : tolocăni
dăscăli : bănui
dăscăli : docăni
dăscăli : mogorogi
dăscăli : moronci
dăscăli : puțui
dăscăli : șmotri
dăscăli : vrevi
dăscăli : preobrăzi
dăscăli : prihăni
dăscăli : probăzui
dăscăli : prociti
dăscăli : săpuni
dăscăli : scutura
dăscălie : certare
dăscălie : dojenire
dăscălie : imputare
dăscălie : îndemn
dăscălie : îndrumare
dăscălie : mustrare
dăscălie : observație
dăscălie : povățuire
dăscălie : profesorat
dăscălire : admonesta
dăscălire : certa
dăscălire : dojeni
dăscălire : moraliza
dăscălire : mustra
dăscălire : beșteli
dăscălire : muștrului
dăscălire : probozi
dăscălire : sfădi
dăscălire : sudui
dăscălire : înfrunta
dăscălire : oropsi
dăscălire : stropoli
dăscălire : cârti
dăscălire : tolocăni
dăscălire : bănui
dăscălire : docăni
dăscălire : mogorogi
dăscălire : moronci
dăscălire : puțui
dăscălire : șmotri
dăscălire : vrevi
dăscălire : preobrăzi
dăscălire : prihăni
dăscălire : probăzui
dăscălire : prociti
dăscălire : săpuni
dăscălire : scutura
dăscălit : admonesta
dăscălit : certa
dăscălit : dojeni
dăscălit : moraliza
dăscălit : mustra
dăscălit : beșteli
dăscălit : muștrului
dăscălit : probozi
dăscălit : sfădi
dăscălit : sudui
dăscălit : înfrunta
dăscălit : oropsi
dăscălit : stropoli
dăscălit : cârti
dăscălit : tolocăni
dăscălit : bănui
dăscălit : docăni
dăscălit : mogorogi
dăscălit : moronci
dăscălit : puțui
dăscălit : șmotri
dăscălit : vrevi
dăscălit : preobrăzi
dăscălit : prihăni
dăscălit : probăzui
dăscălit : prociti
dăscălit : săpuni
dăscălit : scutura
dăscăliță : învățătoare
dăula : istovi
dăulare : istovire
dăulat : istovit
dăuli : căina
dăuli : jelui
dăuli : lamenta
dăuli : plânge
dăuli : tângui
dăuli : văicări
dăulire : căina
dăulire : jelui
dăulire : lamenta
dăulire : plânge
dăulire : tângui
dăulire : văicări
dăulit : căina
dăulit : jelui
dăulit : lamenta
dăulit : plânge
dăulit : tângui
dăulit : văicări
dăuna : prejudicia
dăuna : strica
dăuna : vătăma
dăuna : păgubi
dăuna : intereselor
dăunare : prejudicia
dăunare : strica
dăunare : vătăma
dăunare : păgubi
dăunare : intereselor
dăunos : negativ
dăunos : nociv
dăunos : păgubitor
dăunos : periculos
dăunos : prejudiciabil
dăunos : primejdios
dăunos : stricător
dăunăcios : negativ
dăunăcios : nociv
dăunăcios : păgubitor
dăunăcios : periculos
dăunăcios : prejudiciabil
dăunăcios : primejdios
dăunăcios : stricător
dăunător : negativ
dăunător : nociv
dăunător : păgubitor
dăunător : periculos
dăunător : prejudiciabil
dăunător : primejdios
dăunător : stricător
dăunător : vătămător
dăunător : pernicios
dăunător : pierzător
dăunător : dăunăcios
dăunător : dăunos
dăunător : pagubnic
dăunător : prejudicios
dăunător : stricăcios
dăunător : contraproductiv
dăunător : ~oare
dăunător : pentru
