ACTH : adrenocorticotrop
Aba : dimie
Aba : suman
Aba : saiac
Aba : zeghe
Abia : numai
Abia : tocmai
Abia : taman
Abia : anevoie
Abia : scăpat
Aceste : aiest
Acra : acrit
Ada : cauza
Ada : pricinui
Ada : produce
Ada : provoca
Ada : daune
Ada : realiza
Adam : fluture-cap-de-mort
Ader : ralia
Ader : intra
Ader : înscrie
Afumați : chercheli
Afumați : fumega
Afumați : îmbăta
Agata : atârna
Agata : prinde
Agata : spânzura
Agata : suspenda
Agata : anina
Agata : zgrepțăna
Agata : împrinde
Agata : apuca
Agata : crengi
Agricola : agrar
Agricola : agrarian
Agricola : plugăresc
Alba : poetic
Alba : coama
Alba : coliliu
Alba : părul
Alba : bariu
Alba : știubeci
Alba : titan
Alba : mijlociu
Alba : nescris
Alba : foaie
Albești : înălbi
Am : poseda
Am : deține
Am : purta
Am : numele
Am : nutri
Am : sentimente
Am : pentru
Am : exista
Am : găsi
Am : bucura
Am : dispune
Am : sfârșit
Aram : scurma
Arctica : nordic
Arctica : astăzi
Arctica : boreal
Arctica : septentrional
Arini : arinde
Armada : oaste
Armada : oștire
Armada : putere
Atotputernicul : omnipotent
Atotputernicul : puternicos
Atotputernicul : preaputernic
Atotputernicul : preaputincios
Atotputernicul : prepotent
aba : dimie
aba : suman
aba : saiac
aba : zeghe
abac : numărătoare
abac : pentru
abac : socoteli
abajur : pălărie
abajur : taier
abandon : abandonare
abandon : părăsire
abandona : lăsa
abandona : părăsi
abandona : franțuzism
abandona : placa
abandona : oropsi
abandona : pustii
abandona : năpusti
abandonat : părăsit
abandonat : oropsit
abandonat : năpustit
abate : devia
abate : depărta
abate : divaga
abate : îndepărta
abate : scăpăta
abate : trece
abate : distrage
abate : sustrage
abatere : deviere
abatere : culpabilitate
abatere : eroare
abatere : păcat
abatere : vinovăție
abatere : ponos
abatere : cusur
abatere : scandal
abatere : rătăcire
abatere : anomalie
abatere : produs
abator : măcelărie
abator : belitoare
abator : tăietorie
abator : scaun
abator : zalhana
abator : vitele
abces : buboi
abces : furnicel
abdica : prosti
abdica : tronul
abdicare : prostire
abdomen : pântece
abdomen : bandor
abdomen : bârdan
abdomen : burduh
abdomen : foale
abdomen : vintre
abdomen : burduhan
abdominal : ventral
abecedar : bucvariu
abecedar : silabar
abecedare : bucvariu
abecedare : silabar
aberație : aberație
aberație : cromatism
abia : numai
abia : tocmai
abia : taman
abia : anevoie
abia : scăpat
abies : porob
abies : molid
abies : molete
abies : molidar
abil : șiret
abil : șmecher
abil : viclean
abil : mehenghi
abilita : delega
abilita : împuternici
abilitare : delega
abilitare : împuternici
abilitat : delega
abilitat : împuternici
abioseston : tripton
abisal : depresiune
abitir : dihai
abjura : lepăda
abjura : renega
abjurare : abjurație
abjurare : lepădare
abjurare : renegare
abjurat : lepăda
abjurat : renega
ablaut : apofonie
ablaut : între
ablaut : vocalele
ablațiune : extirpare
ablațiune : scoatere
aboli : suprima
aboli : șterge
abolire : desființare
abolire : suprimare
abolire : abolițiune
abolire : ștergere
abolit : suprima
abolit : șterge
abolițiune : desființare
abominabil : cutremurător
abominabil : dezgustător
abominabil : fioros
abominabil : groaznic
abominabil : grozav
abominabil : înfiorător
abominabil : înfricoșător
abominabil : îngrozitor
abominabil : înspăimântător
abominabil : macabru
abominabil : monstruos
abominabil : odios
abominabil : oribil
abominabil : respingător
abominabil : sângeros
abominabil : teribil
abona : prenumăra
abonament : subscriere
abonare : prenumărare
abonare : prenumerație
abonare : cuiva
abonare : publicație
abonat : prenumerant
abonat : subscribent
abonat : prenumărat
aborda : trata
aborda : ataca
aborda : următoarea
abordare : trata
abordare : ataca
abordare : următoarea
abordat : trata
abordat : ataca
abordat : următoarea
abracadabrant : ciudat
abracadabrant : curios
abracadabrant : excentric
abracadabrant : extravagant
abracadabrant : fantasmagoric
abracadabrant : fantezist
abracadabrant : inexplicabil
abracadabrant : insolit
abracadabrant : năstrușnic
abracadabrant : neobișnuit
abracadabrant : original
abracadabrant : paradoxal
abracadabrant : singular
abraziune : abrazare
abraziune : atrițiune
abrevia : scurta
abrevia : numele
abreviat : scurtat
abreviere : abreviație
abreviere : scurtare
abreviere : acronim
abroga : anula
abroga : infirma
abroga : invalida
abroga : suprima
abroga : strica
abroga : surpa
abrogare : abrogație
abrogare : anulare
abrogare : desființare
abrogare : infirmare
abrogare : invalidare
abrogare : suprimare
abrogat : anulat
abrogat : desființat
abrogat : invalidat
abrogat : înlăturat
abrogat : suprimat
abrudeanca : abrudeana
abrudeanca : ardeleana
abrudeanca : ardeleneasca
abrudeanca : ciobănașul
abrudeanca : hațegana
abrudeanca : lugojana
abrudeanca : someșana
abrudeanca : popular
abrudeancă : abrudeana
abrudeancă : ardeleana
abrudeancă : ardeleneasca
abrudeancă : ciobănașul
abrudeancă : hațegana
abrudeancă : lugojana
abrudeancă : someșana
abrudeancă : popular
abrupt : drept
abrupt : perpendicular
abrupt : prăpăstios
abrupt : priporos
abrupt : râpos
abrupt : vertical
abrupt : prăpăstuit
abrupt : prăvălat
abrupt : prăvălatic
abrupt : râpit
abrupt : râpuros
abrupt : țărmuros
abrupt : priporiu
abrupt : pripos
abrupt : măluros
abrupt : străminos
abrupt : repede
abrupt : traseu
abrutiza : animaliza
abrutiza : dezumaniza
abrutiza : îndobitoci
abrutizare : animalizare
abrutizare : dezumanizare
abrutizare : îndobitocire
abrutizat : animalizat
abrutizat : dezumanizat
abrutizat : îndobitocit
abscons : echivoc
abscons : imprecis
abscons : indefinit
abscons : neclar
abscons : nedefinit
abscons : neprecis
absent : pierdut
absent : privire
absenta : lipsire
absenta : lipsi
absentare : lipsi
absență : lipsire
absență : lipsi
absinthium : iarba-fecioarelor
absolut : adânc
absolut : complet
absolut : deplin
absolut : desăvârșit
absolut : perfect
absolut : profund
absolut : total
absolut : întuneric
absolut : suveran
absolut : necondiționat
absolut : suprem
absolut : imperios
absolut : neapărat
absolut : stringent
absolut : nevoie
absolutism : autocrație
absolutism : samoderjavie
absolutist : autocrat
absolutist : autocratic
absolutist : autocraticesc
absolva : isprăvi
absolva : termina
absolva : ierta
absolva : scuti
absolva : milui
absolva : pardona
absolva : slobozi
absolvi : isprăvi
absolvi : termina
absolvi : ierta
absolvi : scuti
absolvi : milui
absolvi : pardona
absolvi : slobozi
absolvire : isprăvire
absolvire : terminare
absolvire : cruțare
absolvire : iertare
absolvire : scutire
absolvit : isprăvi
absolvit : termina
absolvit : ierta
absolvit : scuti
absolvit : milui
absolvit : pardona
absolvit : slobozi
absorbi : aspira
absorbi : încorpora
absorbi : sorbi
absorbi : trage
absorbi : acapara
absorbi : domina
absorbi : preocupa
absorbi : stăpâni
absorbi : rezolvarea
absorbire : aspira
absorbire : încorpora
absorbire : sorbi
absorbire : trage
absorbire : acapara
absorbire : domina
absorbire : preocupa
absorbire : stăpâni
absorbire : rezolvarea
absorbit : preocupat
absorbție : încorporare
absorbție : resorbție
absorbție : sorbire
abstinență : abstențiune
abstract : teoretic
abstract : conceptual
abstract : noțional
abstract : nonfigurativ
abstractizare : abstracție
abstracție : abstractizare
absurd : aberant
absurd : ilogic
absurd : nelogic
absurd : nerațional
absurd : prostesc
absurd : stupid
absurd : elucubrant
absurd : irațional
absurd : situație
absurditate : aberație
absurditate : bazaconie
absurditate : elucubrație
absurditate : enormitate
absurditate : fantasmagorie
absurditate : prostie
absurditate : stupiditate
absurditate : absurd
absurditate : ilogism
absurditate : nonsens
absurdo : aberant
absurdo : ilogic
absurdo : nelogic
absurdo : nerațional
absurdo : prostesc
absurdo : stupid
absurdo : elucubrant
absurdo : irațional
absurdo : situație
abundent : bogat
abundent : copios
abundent : îmbelșugat
abundent : îndestulat
abundent : princiar
abundent : prânz
abur : vapori
abur : agent
aburca : ridica
aburcare : ridica
aburcat : ridica
aburi : asuda
aburire : asuda
aburit : brumat
aburit : pahar
abutilon : teișor
abutilon : crucea-pâinii
abutilon : floarea-crucii
abuz : exces
abuz : samavolnicie
abuz : silnicie
abuz : puternicie
abuz : grecism
abuz : catahris
abuz : blamat
abuz : pentru
abuz : ~urile
abuziv : arbitrar
abuziv : despotic
abuziv : excesiv
abuziv : volnic
abuziv : samavolnic
abuziv : silnic
abuziv : samavolnicește
abuziv : exagerat
abuziv : regim
abuziv : alimentar
abătător : harnic
abătător : muncitor
abătător : neobosit
abătător : neostenit
abătător : silitor
abătător : sârguincios
abătător : sârguitor
abătător : vrednic
abțigui : chercheli
abțigui : îmbăta
abțiguire : chercheli
abțiguire : îmbăta
abțiguit : băut
abțiguit : cherchelit
abțiguit : îmbătat
abține : domina
abține : înfrâna
abține : răbda
abține : reține
abține : stăpâni
abținea : domina
abținea : înfrâna
abținea : răbda
abținea : reține
abținea : stăpâni
abținere : înfrânare
abținere : reținere
abținere : stăpânire
ac : albine
ac : minutar
ac : macaz
ac : schimbător
academic : distins
academic : solemn
academic : elevat
academic : convențional
acaju : mahon
acanthium : ghincar
acanthium : scaiete
acanthium : ghimpe
acanthium : sita-zânelor
acanthoides : ghimpe
acanthoides : mărăcine
acanthoides : șteap
acanthoides : înțepat
acanthoides : într-un
acanthoides : crăpușnic
acanthoides : porumbel
acanthoides : scaiete
acanthoides : unghia-ursului
acanthoides : știft
acanthoides : cilindric
acanthus : talpa-ursului
acantit : argentit
acanto : talpa-ursului
acantă : talpa-ursului
acapara : monopoliza
acapara : atenția
acaparare : monopolizare
acaparat : monopoliza
acaparat : atenția
acaparator : monopolizator
acar : macagiu
acar : căile
acari : macagiu
acari : căile
acarinată : parte
acarinată : grupul
accede : deveni
accedere : deveni
accelera : grăbi
accelera : urgenta
accelera : astăzi
accelera : pripi
accelera : încheierea
accelerare : grăbire
accelerare : iuțire
accelerare : urgentare
accelerare : zorire
accelerare : expedierii
accelerat : grăbit
accelerat : iuțit
accelerat : rapid
accelerat : zorit
accent : intonație
accentua : evidenția
accentua : întări
accentua : marca
accentua : puncta
accentua : releva
accentua : reliefa
accentua : sublinia
accentua : învedera
accentua : calitățile
accentua : amplifica
accentua : crește
accentua : intensifica
accentua : mări
accentua : spori
accentuare : accentuație
accentuare : evidențiere
accentuare : întărire
accentuare : marcare
accentuare : relevare
accentuare : reliefare
accentuare : subliniere
accentuare : potențare
accentuare : caracteristici
accentuat : tonic
accentuat : evidențiat
accentuat : întărit
accentuat : marcat
accentuat : reliefat
accentuat : subliniat
accentuat : potențat
accept : agrea
accepta : agrea
acceptabil : admisibil
acceptabil : convenabil
acceptabil : mulțumitor
acceptabil : satisfăcător
acceptabil : pasabil
acceptabil : soluție
acceptabil : pentru
acceptabil : ambele
acceptabil : bunicel
acceptabil : suportabil
acceptabil : tolerabil
acceptabil : situație
acceptare : admitere
acceptare : recunoaștere
acceptare : punct
acceptat : admis
acceptat : recunoscut
acceptat : recept
acceptat : opinie
accesibil : abordabil
accesibil : practicabil
accesibil : elementar
accesibil : simplu
accesibil : ușor
accesibil : noțiuni
accesibil : inteligibil
accesibil : priceput
accident : denivelare
accident : denivelație
accident : neregularitate
accidental : neesențial
accidental : secundar
accidental : aspect
accidentat : denivelat
accidentat : învălurat
accidentat : neregulat
accidentat : săpat
acer : iscodi
acer : observa
acer : pândi
acer : spiona
acera : iscodi
acera : observa
acera : pândi
acera : spiona
acerare : iscodi
acerare : observa
acerare : pândi
acerare : spiona
acerat : iscodi
acerat : observa
acerat : pândi
acerat : spiona
acerina : ghelci
acerina : ghelmes
aceră : iscodi
aceră : observa
aceră : pândi
aceră : spiona
acest : aiest
acesta : ăsta
acesta : cesta
acesta : aiesta
acetaldehidă : etanal
acetaldol : aldol
acetat : vinil
acetat : poliacetat
acetosa : lugeru-broaștii
acetosa : schiaz
acetosa : ștevie
acetosa : măcrișul
acetosa : măcrișor
acetosa : pădure
acetosa : măcrișul-iepurelui
acetosella : lugeru-broaștii
acetosella : schiaz
acetosella : ștevie
acetosella : măcrișul
acetosella : măcrișor
acetosella : pădure
acetosella : măcrișul-iepurelui
achillea : ptarmica
achillea : strănutătoare
achillea : iarbă-de-strănutat
achita : slobozi
achita : lichida
achita : onora
achita : plăti
achita : număra
achita : plini
achita : răfui
achita : răspunde
achita : grecism
achita : exoflisi
achita : depune
achita : vărsa
achita : termen
achita : scăpa
achitare : lichidare
achitare : onorare
achitare : plătire
achitare : răspundere
achitare : depunere
achitare : vărsare
achitare : ratei
achitat : suprimat
achizitor : colector
acid : acetic
acid : etanoic
acid : aminobenzoic
acid : antranilic
acid : antimonic
acid : hexahidroantimonic
acid : azotic
acid : nitric
acid : azotos
acid : nitros
acid : carbol
acid : fenic
acid : carbon
acid : bioxid
acid : cianhidric
acid : prusic
acid : citric
acid : tartric
acid : lămâie
acid : spirt-de-sare
acid : ditionos
acid : hidrosulfuros
acid : carbolic
acid : folic
acid : pteroilglutamic
acid : fosforic
acid : ortofosforic
acid : glutacid
acid : silicic
acid : trinitrofenol
acid : rodanhidric
acid : tiocianic
acid : ortosilicic
acid : sulfurat
acid : sulfocianhidric
acid : sulfuric
acid : vitriol
acido : acetic
acido : etanoic
acido : aminobenzoic
acido : antranilic
acido : antimonic
acido : hexahidroantimonic
acido : azotic
acido : nitric
acido : azotos
acido : nitros
acido : carbol
acido : fenic
acido : carbon
acido : bioxid
acido : cianhidric
acido : prusic
acido : citric
acido : tartric
acido : lămâie
acido : spirt-de-sare
acido : ditionos
acido : hidrosulfuros
acido : carbolic
acido : folic
acido : pteroilglutamic
acido : fosforic
acido : ortofosforic
acido : glutacid
acido : silicic
acido : trinitrofenol
acido : rodanhidric
acido : tiocianic
acido : ortosilicic
acido : sulfurat
acido : sulfocianhidric
acido : sulfuric
acido : vitriol
acidol : betacid
acira : iepurar
aciră : iepurar
ackermanni : cordar
ackermanni : cuvânt
ackermanni : întinzător
ackermanni : națiune
ackermanni : popor
ackermanni : spion
ackermanni : termen
aclama : ovaționa
aclamare : ovaționa
aclamat : ovaționa
aclamație : osanale
aclamație : ovații
aclamație : urale
aclamație : vivat
aclimatiza : acomoda
aclimatiza : adapta
aclimatiza : deprinde
aclimatiza : familiariza
aclimatiza : obișnui
aclimatizare : acomodare
aclimatizare : adaptare
aclimatizare : dedare
aclimatizare : deprindere
aclimatizare : familiarizare
aclimatizare : obișnuire
aclimatizare : plante
aclimatizare : într-un
aclimatizare : mediu
aclimatizat : acomodat
aclimatizat : deprins
aclimatizat : familiarizat
aclimatizat : obișnuit
acoladă : unește
acoladă : multe
acoladă : portative
acolisitor : infecțios
acolo : acoace
acolo : imediat
acolu : acoace
acolu : imediat
acomodat : dedat
acomodat : deprins
acomodat : familiarizat
acomodat : obișnuit
acompania : secunda
acompaniat : secunda
acompaniator : secundant
aconitum : mărul-lupului
aconitum : mierea-ursului
aconitum : toaie
acont : avans
acont : selem
acont : plătit
acont : pentru
acont : marfa
aconta : arvuni
aconta : arăvonisi
acontare : arvuni
acontare : arăvonisi
acontat : arvuni
acontat : arăvonisi
acoperi : ascunde
acoperi : masca
acoperi : umple
acoperi : scălda
acoperi : sudoare
acoperire : ascundere
acoperire : mascare
acoperit : ascuns
acoperit : camuflat
acoperit : mascat
acoperitoare : învelitoare
acoperiș : acoperământ
acoperiș : învelitoare
acoperiș : astrucământ
acoperământ : pocrov
acoperământ : pentru
acoperământ : vasele
acord : înțelegere
acord : consens
acord : soglăsuire
acord : armonie
acord : sintonie
acorda : dărui
acorda : sintoniza
acorda : potrivi
acorda : regla
acorda : aparat
acordare : sintonizare
acordor : cheie
acordor : pentru
acorus : trestie-mirositoare
acosta : aborda
acosta : țărmui
acosta : țărmuri
acosta : pescui
acostare : aborda
acostare : țărmui
acostare : țărmuri
acostare : pescui
acostat : aborda
acostat : țărmui
acostat : țărmuri
acostat : pescui
acotiledonat : acotiledon
acre : acrit
acreală : acrime
acreală : sărbezime
acri : înăcri
acri : oțeti
acrime : sărbezime
acrire : înăcrire
acrire : oțetire
acrit : înăcrit
acrit : oțetit
acrit : oțetos
acrit : alterat
acrit : brânzit
acrit : scopt
acrobat : săritor
acrobatic : echilibristic
acrobatic : funambulesc
acrobatică : echilibristic
acrobatică : funambulesc
acrocefalie : oxicefalie
acroleină : propenal
acromegalie : boala
acronic : atemporal
acronic : noțiune
acroșa : atârna
acroșa : prinde
acroșa : spânzura
acroșare : acroșaj
acroșare : mingii
acroșat : atârna
acroșat : prinde
acroșat : spânzura
acru : acrit
act : document
act : hârtie
act : izvor
act : scris
act : scrisoare
act : carte
act : izvod
act : încredințare
act : sinet
act : teșcherea
act : zapis
act : acest
act : legitimație
act : eveniment
act : perdea
actaea : spicata
actaea : iarba-tâlharului
actinie : anemonă-de-mare
actinie : dedițel-de-mare
actinie : trandafir-de-mare
activ : silitor
activa : lucra
activa : munci
activa : dinamiza
activa : intensifica
activa : înviora
activa : stimula
activant : activator
activare : dinamizare
activare : intensificare
activare : înviorare
activare : stimulare
activat : lucra
activat : munci
activat : dinamiza
activat : intensifica
activat : înviora
activat : stimula
activist : nomenclaturist
activitate : îndeletnicire
activitate : lucru
activitate : ocupație
activitate : ocupare
activitate : travaliu
activitate : preocupație
actor : artist
actor : interpret
actor : teatralist
actorie : teatru
actorie : lăsat
actual : contemporan
actual : curent
actual : prezent
actual : momentan
actual : curgător
actual : momentos
actual : modern
actual : recent
actual : tehnica
actual : amintire
actual : mereu
actualitate : contemporaneitate
actualitate : prezent
acuitate : agerime
acuitate : clarviziune
acuitate : pătrundere
acuitate : perspicacitate
acuitate : subtilitate
acuitate : sagacitate
acuitate : schepsis
acuitate : ascuțime
aculeata : iarba-vătămăturii
aculeatus : merișor
acum : imediat
acum : actualmente
acum : plecat
acum : momentan
acumula : aduna
acumula : concentra
acumula : înmagazina
acumula : strânge
acumula : cantitate
acumulare : adunare
acumulare : concentrare
acumulare : înmagazinare
acumulare : strângere
acumulat : aduna
acumulat : concentra
acumulat : înmagazina
acumulat : strânge
acumulat : cantitate
acupla : cupla
acuplare : cuplaj
acuplare : cuplare
acuplat : cuplat
acurat : îngrijit
acurat : spălat
acut : ascuțit
acut : înalt
acut : subțire
acut : țiflitor
acut : adânc
acut : intens
acut : pătrunzător
acut : profund
acut : puternic
acut : violent
acut : durere
acutizare : înrăire
acuza : vinui
acuza : culpabiliza
acuza : incrimina
acuza : bănui
acuza : jelui
acuza : prihăni
acuza : inculpa
acuzativ : pricinuitoare
acuzator : incriminator
acuzator : rechizitorial
acuzație : acuzare
acuzație : învinovățire
acuzație : învinuire
acuzație : culpabilizare
acuzație : incriminare
acuzație : incriminație
acuză : acuzație
acuză : învinovățire
acuși : imediat
acvilă : iepurar
acvilă : ortan
acvilă : uligaie
acvilă : vultan
acvilă : vultur
acvilă : zgripțor
acvilă : steag
acționa : deplasa
acționa : mișca
acționa : chema
acționa : opera
acționa : măsurile
acționa : lucra
acționar : societar
acționare : deplasa
acționare : mișca
acționare : chema
acționare : opera
acționare : măsurile
acționare : lucra
acționat : deplasa
acționat : mișca
acționat : chema
acționat : opera
acționat : măsurile
acționat : lucra
acțiune : fabulație
acțiune : subiect
acțiune : acțiune
ad : exact
ad : întocmai
ad : literal
ad : textual
ad : reprodus
ad litteram : exact
ad litteram : întocmai
ad litteram : literal
ad litteram : textual
ad litteram : reprodus
adagio : încet
adagio : lento
adagiu : cugetare
adagiu : dicton
adaos : apendice
adaos : completare
adaos : supliment
adaos : adaos
adaos : comercial
adaos : rabat
adapta : împământeni
adapta : transplanta
adapta : instituție
adapta : adecva
adapta : potrivi
adapta : apropria
adapta : anumit
adaptabil : flexibil
adaptabil : maleabil
adaptabil : mlădios
adaptabilitate : flexibilitate
adaptabilitate : maleabilitate
adaptabilitate : mlădiere
adaptabilitate : cuiva
adaptabilitate : diverse
adaptat : localizat
adaptat : prelucrat
ademenitor : atrăgător
ademenitor : ispititor
ademenitor : îmbietor
ademenitor : seducător
ademenitor : tentant
adept : partizan
adept : susținător
adept : părtean
adera : ralia
adera : intra
adera : înscrie
aderare : intrare
aderare : înscriere
aderare : cuiva
adesea : deseori
adesea : frecvent
adet : compensare
adet : compensație
adet : daune
adet : despăgubire
adet : impozit
adet : obicei
adet : reparație
adet : tradiție
adeveri : confirma
adeveri : împlini
adeveri : îndeplini
adeveri : realiza
adeveri : verifica
adeverință : mărturie
adeverință : sinet
adeverință : testimoniu
adeverință : teșcherea
adeverință : rusism
adeverință : calitatea
adevăr : realitate
adevăr : veridicitate
adevăr : veracitate
adevăr : veritate
adevăr : acest
adevăr : autenticitate
adevăr : exactitate
adevăr : exactitudine
adevăr : confirmat
adevăr : celor
adevăr : spuse
adevărat : aievea
adevărat : autentic
adevărat : incontestabil
adevărat : neîndoielnic
adevărat : neîndoios
adevărat : nescornit
adevărat : netăgăduit
adevărat : pozitiv
adevărat : sigur
adevărat : veridic
adevărat : veritabil
adevărat : lucru
adevărat : interogativ
adevărat : serios
adevărat : întâmplat
adevărat : lucrurile
adevărat : corect
adevărat : drept
adevărat : exact
adevărat : vorbit
adevărat : curat
adevărat : sadea
adevărat : get-beget
adevărat : țăran
adevărat : nefalsificat
adevărat : original
adevărat : cafea
adeziune : aderare
adeziune : raliere
adia : trăgăna
adiacent : contiguu
adiafor : impasibil
adiafor : imperturbabil
adiafor : indiferent
adiafor : insensibil
adiafor : nepăsător
adiafor : nesensibil
adiafor : nesimțitor
adiaforie : delăsare
adiaforie : inerție
adiaforie : insensibilitate
adiaforie : nepăsare
adiaforie : pasivitate
adiaforie : placiditate
adiat : trăgăna
adiată : trăgăna
adică : anume
adică : recte
adică : sireaci
adică : vieții
adiere : boare
adiere : suflare
adiere : suflu
adiere : scutur
adiere : simțea
adiere : zefir
adiere : ușor
adineauri : dinioare
adio : interj
adio : parapanghelos
adio : aleluia
adio : toate
adio : plimbările
aditiv : anticongelant
adiție : adăugare
adiție : adiție
adiție : sumație
adjectiva : adjectiviza
adjectivare : adjectivizare
adjectivat : adjectiviza
adjudeca : harecilui
adjudeca : cuiva
adjudecare : adjudecație
adjudecat : harecilui
adjudecat : cuiva
adjutant : plutonier
adjutant : adjutant
administra : cârmui
administra : conduce
administra : gospodări
administra : oblădui
administra : priveghea
administra : supraveghea
administra : isprăvnici
administra : ocârmui
administra : chivernisi
administra : aplica
administrare : chivernisire
administrat : cârmui
administrat : conduce
administrat : gospodări
administrat : oblădui
administrat : priveghea
administrat : supraveghea
administrat : isprăvnici
administrat : ocârmui
administrat : chivernisi
administrat : aplica
administrator : intendent
administrator : șpan
administrator : epistat
administrator : ispravnic
administrator : provizor
administrator : șofariu
administrator : vechil
administrator : pristav
administrator : vătaf
administrație : administrare
administrație : cârmuire
administrație : conducere
administrație : gospodărire
administrație : oblăduire
administrație : chivernisire
administrație : isprăvnicie
administrație : ocârmuire
administrație : calem
administrație : administrație
administrație : percepție
administrație : perceptorat
administrație : perceptorie
admirabil : deosebit
admirabil : excelent
admirabil : încântător
admirabil : remarcabil
admirabil : spectacol
admirator : închinător
admirator : stimător
admirație : prețuire
admirație : mirare
admirație : pentru
admirație : rămas
admis : acceptat
admis : primit
admis : reușit
admite : accepta
admite : primi
admite : mărturisi
admite : recunoaște
admitere : acceptare
admitere : primire
adnota : glosa
adnotat : glosa
adnotație : adnotare
adolescent : simpatic
adonis : chimen-câinesc
adonis : iarba-cocoșului
adopta : primi
adoptat : primi
adoptiv : înfiat
adoptiv : spiritual
adoptiv : sufletesc
adoptiv : părinții
adora : diviniza
adora : idolatriza
adora : venera
adora : cinsti
adora : slăvi
adorabil : fermecător
adorabil : încântător
adorare : divinizare
adorare : idolatrizare
adorare : venerare
adorat : divinizat
adorat : idolatrizat
adorat : venerat
adorat : cinstit
adorator : slăvitor
adorator : suspinător
adorator : jurul
adorator : roiau
adorație : idolatrie
adorație : venerație
adorație : pentru
adorație : adorare
adorație : extaz
adorație : extaziere
adormi : aromi
adormire : aromi
adormitor : hipnotizant
adormitor : narcotic
adormitor : somnifer
adoxa : moschatellina
adoxa : moscușor
adresă : mehtup
adscendens : ochii-păsăruicii
adscendens : palustris
adscendens : grâul-cucului
adscendens : nu-mă-uita
adscendens : ochiul-șarpelui
adscendens : urechea-șoarecelui
adscendens : strugurel
adscendens : ochiul-boului
adscendens : rotil
adscendens : rotocoale
adscendens : troglodytes
adscendens : pitulice
adscendens : împărățel
adscendens : pietroșel
adscendens : pițiîmpărat
adscendens : pițur
adscendens : sfredeleac
adscendens : tartalac
adscendens : regina-păsărilor
adscendens : șofrac
adscendens : magic
adscendens : indicator
adscendens : acord
adscendens : sintonie
adscendens : mugur
aduce : cauza
aduce : pricinui
aduce : produce
aduce : provoca
aduce : daune
aduce : realiza
aducere : cauza
aducere : pricinui
aducere : produce
aducere : provoca
aducere : daune
aducere : realiza
aducător : semnele
adulație : adulare
adulmec : mirosi
adulmec : puncta
adulmec : mușina
adulmec : mușlui
adulmec : vetri
adulmec : adulma
adulmeca : mirosi
adulmeca : puncta
adulmeca : mușina
adulmeca : mușlui
adulmeca : vetri
adulmeca : adulma
adulmecare : mirosi
adulmecare : puncta
adulmecare : mușina
adulmecare : mușlui
adulmecare : vetri
adulmecare : adulma
adulmecat : mirosi
adulmecat : puncta
adulmecat : mușina
adulmecat : mușlui
adulmecat : vetri
adulmecat : adulma
adulter : infidel
adulter : necredincios
adulter : nefidel
adulter : preacurvar
adulter : preaiubit
adulter : viclean
adulter : viclenitor
adulter : trădător
adulter : femeie
adulter : infidelitate
adulter : înșelăciune
adulter : preacurvie
adulter : preacurvire
adulter : preaiubire
adulter : viclenie
adulter : trădare
adulter : comis
adultera : infidel
adultera : necredincios
adultera : nefidel
adultera : preacurvar
adultera : preaiubit
adultera : viclean
adultera : viclenitor
adultera : trădător
adultera : femeie
adultera : infidelitate
adultera : înșelăciune
adultera : preacurvie
adultera : preacurvire
adultera : preaiubire
adultera : viclenie
adultera : trădare
adultera : comis
aduna : totaliza
aduna : adiționa
aduna : însuma
aduna : sumarisi
aduna : valoarea
aduna : întruni
aduna : reuni
aduna : strânge
aduna : întroloca
aduna : închelba
aduna : închelbăra
aduna : înmănunchea
aduna : versurile
aduna : colecționa
aduna : culege
aduna : folclor
adunare : totalizare
adunare : adiție
adunare : adiționare
adunare : tuturor
adunare : colecționare
adunare : culegere
adunare : strângere
adunare : texte
adunare : adunare
adunare : obște
adunare : sobor
adus : plecat
adus : cocârjat
adus : cocoșat
adus : curbat
adus : gârbov
adus : gârbovit
adus : înclinat
adus : încovoiat
adus : îndoit
adus : strâmb
adus : strâmbat
adus : sucit
adus : spatele
adus : rotilat
adversar : concurent
adversar : rival
adversar : împotrivitor
adversar : râvnaci
adversar : întrecut
adversitate : ostilitate
adversitate : potrivnicie
adversitate : vitregie
adversitate : vrăjmășie
adversitate : acelui
adversitate : dificultate
adversitate : greutate
adversitate : depășit
adversitate : multe
adânc : afund
adânc : profund
adânc : adâncos
adânc : adâncime
adânc : profunzime
adânc : străfund
adânc : măruntaie
adânc : afunzime
adânc : baiere
adânc : compact
adânc : intim
adânc : lăuntric
adânc : intens
adânc : puternic
adânc : impresie
adânc : emoție
adânca : afund
adânca : profund
adânca : adâncos
adânca : adâncime
adânca : profunzime
adânca : străfund
adânca : măruntaie
adânca : afunzime
adânca : baiere
adânca : compact
adânca : intim
adânca : lăuntric
adânca : intens
adânca : puternic
adânca : impresie
adânca : emoție
adânci : afunda
adânci : cufunda
adânci : înfunda
adânci : zgăura
adânci : agrava
adânci : amplifica
adânci : crește
adânci : intensifica
adânci : mări
adânci : spori
adâncime : profunzime
adâncime : profunditate
adâncime : însemnătate
adâncime : seriozitate
adâncime : prefacerilor
adâncitură : găvan
adâncos : afund
adă : cauza
adă : pricinui
adă : produce
adă : provoca
adă : daune
adă : realiza
adăpost : strat
adăpost : cotrog
adăpost : pentru
adăpost : refugiu
adăpost : scăpare
adăpost : liman
adăpost : departe
adăpost : orice
adăposti : sălășlui
adăposti : scuti
adăposti : ploaie
adăpostit : apărat
adăpostit : ferit
adăpostit : ocrotit
adăpostit : păzit
adăpostit : protejat
adăpostit : sigur
adăpostit : scutit
adăpătoare : jgheab
adăpătoare : pentru
aegopodium : jumătate
aer : spirit
aer : curent
aerian : străveziu
aerian : subțire
aerian : transparent
aerisi : ventila
aerisire : ventilaj
aerisire : ventilare
aerisire : ventilație
aerisit : ventila
aerob : aerobiotic
aerolit : specie
aeronautic : aviatic
aeronautică : aviatic
aeronavă : aerovehicul
aeronavă : aeromobil
aeroport : aerodrom
aerospațial : aerocosmic
aerostat : balon
aerostatică : statica
aerostatică : gazelor
aestivalis : chimen-câinesc
aestivalis : iarba-cocoșului
afabil : amabil
afabil : binevoitor
afabil : cordial
afabil : prietenesc
afabilitate : cordialitate
afacere : chestiune
afacere : interese
afacere : rezolvat
afacere : toate
afacere : speculație
afacere : gheșeft
afacere : felul
afacerist : profitor
afacerist : speculant
afacerist : speculator
afacerist : bișnițar
afanisi : nimici
afanisi : potopi
afanisi : prăpădi
afanisi : sfărâma
afanisi : zdrobi
afanisire : nimici
afanisire : potopi
afanisire : prăpădi
afanisire : sfărâma
afanisire : zdrobi
afanisit : nimici
afanisit : potopi
afanisit : prăpădi
afanisit : sfărâma
afanisit : zdrobi
afară : interj
afazie : disfazie
afecta : destina
afecta : distribui
afecta : repartiza
afecta : important
afecta : pentru
afectare : artificialitate
afectare : căutare
afectare : manierism
afectare : patos
afectare : prețiozitate
afectare : retorism
afectat : artificial
afectat : bombastic
afectat : căutat
afectat : convențional
afectat : declamator
afectat : declarativ
afectat : emfatic
afectat : făcut
afectat : grandilocvent
afectat : manierat
afectat : nefiresc
afectat : nenatural
afectat : pompos
afectat : pretențios
afectat : retoric
afectat : prețios
afectat : sunător
afectat : umflat
afectat : limbaj
afectat : forțat
afectat : nesincer
afectat : prefăcut
afectat : silit
afectat : silnic
afectat : studiat
afectat : teatral
afectat : teatralist
afectat : atitudine
afectiv : emotiv
afectiv : emoțional
afectiv : proces
afectiv : sentimental
afectuos : cordial
afectuos : familiar
afectuos : intim
afectuos : prietenesc
afectuos : prietenos
afectuos : dezmierdător
afectuos : drăgăstos
afectuos : duios
afectuos : iubitor
afectuos : mângâietor
afectuos : tandru
afectuos : mângâios
afemeiat : fustangiu
afemeiat : muieratic
afemeiat : berbant
afemeiat : craidon
afemeiat : muierce
afemeiat : donjuan
afemeiat : ștrengar
aferent : centripet
aferim : interj
aferim : bravo
afet : strat
afierosi : azvârli
afierosi : cheltui
afierosi : consacra
afierosi : dărui
afierosi : dedica
afierosi : destina
afierosi : devota
afierosi : hărăzi
afierosi : irosi
afierosi : împrăștia
afierosi : închina
afierosi : prăpădi
afierosi : risipi
afierosire : azvârli
afierosire : cheltui
afierosire : consacra
afierosire : dărui
afierosire : dedica
afierosire : destina
afierosire : devota
afierosire : hărăzi
afierosire : irosi
afierosire : împrăștia
afierosire : închina
afierosire : prăpădi
afierosire : risipi
afierosit : azvârli
afierosit : cheltui
afierosit : consacra
afierosit : dărui
afierosit : dedica
afierosit : destina
afierosit : devota
afierosit : hărăzi
afierosit : irosi
afierosit : împrăștia
afierosit : închina
afierosit : prăpădi
afierosit : risipi
afiliere : afiliație
afinare : afinaj
afinare : zahărului
afiniș : afinet
afiniș : marginea
afirma : declara
afirma : mărturi
afirma : relata
afirma : spune
afirma : cuvânta
afirma : următoarele
afirma : șopti
afirma : vorbi
afirma : zvoni
afirma : slomni
afirma : evidenția
afirma : impune
afirma : remarca
afirma : repede
afirmat : declara
afirmat : mărturi
afirmat : relata
afirmat : spune
afirmat : cuvânta
afirmat : următoarele
afirmat : șopti
afirmat : vorbi
afirmat : zvoni
afirmat : slomni
afirmat : evidenția
afirmat : impune
afirmat : remarca
afirmat : repede
afirmație : cuvânt
afirmație : declarație
afirmație : mărturisire
afirmație : relatare
afirmație : aserțiune
afirmație : propoziție
afirmație : astăzi
afixare : derivare
afișa : placarda
afișare : afișaj
afișat : placarda
afișier : avizier
afișier : panou
afla : găsi
afla : răsufla
afla : transpira
afla : descoperi
afla : ghici
afla : bănui
afla : cunoaște
afla : oblici
afla : toții
afla : ce-ai
afla : prinde
afla : singur
afla : exista
afla : acolo
afla : mărfuri
afla : figura
afla : număra
afla : printre
aflare : primire
aflat : găsi
aflat : răsufla
aflat : transpira
aflat : descoperi
aflat : ghici
aflat : bănui
aflat : cunoaște
aflat : oblici
aflat : toții
aflat : ce-ai
aflat : prinde
aflat : singur
aflat : exista
aflat : acolo
aflat : mărfuri
aflat : figura
aflat : număra
aflat : printre
afloriment : deschidere
afonizare : asurzire
aforistic : sentențios
afreta : navlosi
afretare : navlosire
afretat : navlosi
afrikaander : locuiesc
afrikaander : sudul
aftă : acrum
afum : chercheli
afum : fumega
afum : îmbăta
afuma : chercheli
afuma : fumega
afuma : îmbăta
afumare : chercheli
afumare : fumega
afumare : îmbăta
afumat : băut
afumat : cherchelit
afumat : îmbătat
afumătoare : cățuie
afumătoare : afumătorie
afumătoare : pentru
afund : adânc
afund : adâncime
afund : măruntaie
afund : profunzime
afund : străfund
afund : afunzime
afund : baiere
afunda : adânci
afunda : cufunda
afunda : înfunda
afunda : scufunda
afunda : îngropa
afunda : fruntea
afundare : adâncire
afundare : cufundare
afundare : înfundare
afundare : scufundare
afundare : picioarelor
afundat : adânci
afundat : cufunda
afundat : înfunda
afundat : scufunda
afundat : îngropa
afundat : fruntea
afundiș : adâncime
afundiș : afund
afundiș : măruntaie
afundiș : profunzime
afunzime : adâncime
afunzime : afund
afunzime : măruntaie
afunzime : profunzime
afurisit : blestemat
afurisit : câinos
afurisit : îndrăcit
afurisit : ticălos
afurisit : pustiu
afurisit : pârdalnic
afurisit : împelițat
afurisit : jurat
afurisit : urgisit
afurisit : pricăjit
afurisit : săcret
afâna : înfoia
afânare : înfoia
afânat : moale
afânat : poros
afânat : pufos
afânat : înfoiat
afânat : țărânos
afânat : puhav
agalactie : răsfug
agalactie : atinge
agale : alene
agale : binișor
agale : domol
agale : încet
agale : încetinel
agale : încetișor
agale : liniștit
agale : ușurel
agale : cătinel
agale : mereu
agale : câtingan
agarean : musulman
agarean : necredincios
agat : atârna
agat : prinde
agat : spânzura
agat : suspenda
agat : anina
agat : zgrepțăna
agat : împrinde
agat : apuca
agat : crengi
ageamiu : incapabil
ageamiu : incompetent
ageamiu : necapabil
ageamiu : nechemat
ageamiu : necompetent
ageamiu : necunoscător
ageamiu : neinițiat
ageamiu : neisprăvit
ageamiu : nepregătit
ageamiu : nepriceput
ageamiu : neștiutor
agent : zapciu
agent : copoi
agent : agent
agent : factor
agenție : oficiu
agesti : cuibări
agestire : cuibări
agestit : cuibări
aghesmui : atinge
aghesmui : chercheli
aghesmui : îmbăta
aghesmuire : atinge
aghesmuire : chercheli
aghesmuire : îmbăta
aghesmuit : băut
aghesmuit : cherchelit
aghesmuit : îmbătat
agita : clocoti
agita : frământa
agita : fremăta
agita : învolbura
agita : zbate
agita : zbuciuma
agita : sălta
agita : sălbătici
agita : crescute
agita : clătina
agita : scutura
agita : zgudui
agita : clătări
agita : neliniști
agita : zvârcoli
agita : cioșmoli
agita : mișca
agitare : clocoti
agitare : frământa
agitare : fremăta
agitare : învolbura
agitare : zbate
agitare : zbuciuma
agitare : sălta
agitare : sălbătici
agitare : crescute
agitare : clătina
agitare : scutura
agitare : zgudui
agitare : clătări
agitare : neliniști
agitare : zvârcoli
agitare : cioșmoli
agitare : mișca
agitat : clocotitor
agitat : frământat
agitat : fremătător
agitat : învolburat
agitat : tulburat
agitat : tumultuos
agitat : zbuciumat
agitat : colcotos
agitat : răzvrătit
agitație : clocot
agitație : frământare
agitație : învolburare
agitație : tălăzuire
agitație : tumult
agitație : vuiet
agitație : zbatere
agitație : zbucium
agitație : zbuciumare
agitație : apelor
agitație : ieșite
agitație : neliniște
agitație : tulburare
agitație : nimic
agitație : stârnit
aglică : ferice
aglică : ferigea
aglică : oglice
aglică : teișor
aglică : barba-caprei
aglică : floarea-soarelui-de-câmp
aglomera : suprapopula
aglomera : ticsi
aglomera : regiunea
aglomerare : suprapopula
aglomerare : ticsi
aglomerare : regiunea
aglomerat : suprapopulat
aglomerat : ticsit
aglomerat : teritoriu
aglomerație : aflux
aglutina : alipi
aglutina : reuni
aglutina : elemente
aglutina : vorbirii
aglutinare : lipire
aglutinare : unire
aglutinare : sudare
aglutinat : lipit
aglutinat : reunit
aglutinat : sudat
agonie : ropot
agonisi : dobândi
agonisi : procura
agonisi : însăma
agonisit : dobândi
agonisit : procura
agonisit : însăma
agoniza : stinge
agonizare : stinge
agrafă : plagi
agrafă : strânse
agramat : incult
agramat : necultivat
agramat : neinstruit
agramat : neînvățat
agramat : prost
agramatism : nepricepere
agrava : acutiza
agrava : grecism
agrava : prohorisi
agrava : deteriora
agrava : îngreuia
agrava : infractorului
agravare : înrăire
agravare : înrăutățire
agravare : acutizare
agravare : deteriorare
agravare : stării
agrea : accepta
agreabil : plăcut
agreabil : atrăgător
agreabil : prietenos
agreabil : încăpere
agreabil : amuzant
agreabil : antrenant
agreabil : distractiv
agreabil : omenos
agreabil : pâșim
agreabil : ogodit
agreabil : dulce
agreare : accepta
agreat : accepta
agrega : alipi
agrega : reuni
agregare : alipi
agregare : reuni
agregat : alipi
agregat : reuni
agrement : aprobare
agrement : consimțământ
agrement : diplomat
agresa : agresiona
agresa : ataca
agresare : agresiona
agresare : ataca
agresat : agresiona
agresat : ataca
agresiune : împotriva
agresiv : militarist
agresiv : provocator
agresiv : războinic
agresiv : belicos
agresor : atacator
agresor : cotropitor
agresor : invadator
agresor : năvălitor
agrest : pastoral
agrest : rural
agrest : rustic
agricol : agrar
agricol : agrarian
agricol : plugăresc
agricolă : agrar
agricolă : agrarian
agricolă : plugăresc
agricultor : plugar
agriș : rezachie
agropyrum : răgălie
agrostemma : zizanie
agrotehnică : agrologie
agurijoară : nudli
agurijoară : porcire
agurijoară : floare-de-nisip
agâmba : înșfăca
agâmbare : înșfăca
agâmbat : înșfăca
agăța : atârna
agăța : prinde
agăța : spânzura
agăța : suspenda
agăța : anina
agăța : zgrepțăna
agăța : împrinde
agăța : apuca
agăța : crengi
agățare : agățat
agățare : atârnare
agățare : atârnat
agățare : prindere
agățare : prins
agățare : spânzurare
agățare : spânzurat
agățare : suspendare
agățare : acroșaj
agățare : acroșare
agățare : aninare
agățare : aninat
agățare : obiect
agățat : atârnat
agățat : spânzurat
agățat : suspendat
agățat : aninat
agățat : obiecte
agățătoare : atârnătoare
agățătoare : aninătoare
agățător : cățărător
agățător : suitor
agățător : urcător
ah : interj
ahotă : avânt
ahotă : entuziasm
ahotă : înflăcărare
ahotă : înfocare
ahotă : însuflețire
ahotă : pasiune
aht : durere
aht : încercare
aht : oftare
aht : oftat
aht : pătimire
aht : suspin
aht : suspinare
ahtia : jindui
ahtia : râvni
ahtiere : jindui
ahtiere : râvni
ahtynum : spinări
ahtynum : spinarea-lupului
ahtynum : filix
ai : sălbatic
ai : șarpelui
aici : acoace
aidomanie : satiriazis
aiept : avânta
aiept : azvârli
aiept : îndrepta
aiept : năpusti
aiept : năvăli
aiept : potrivi
aiept : precipita
aiept : repezi
aiept : sări
aiepta : avânta
aiepta : azvârli
aiepta : îndrepta
aiepta : năpusti
aiepta : năvăli
aiepta : potrivi
aiepta : precipita
aiepta : repezi
aiepta : sări
aieptare : avânta
aieptare : azvârli
aieptare : îndrepta
aieptare : năpusti
aieptare : năvăli
aieptare : potrivi
aieptare : precipita
aieptare : repezi
aieptare : sări
aieptat : avânta
aieptat : azvârli
aieptat : îndrepta
aieptat : năpusti
aieptat : năvăli
aieptat : potrivi
aieptat : precipita
aieptat : repezi
aieptat : sări
aievea : deschis
aievea : deslușit
aievea : direct
aievea : explicit
aievea : expres
aievea : franc
aievea : lămurit
aievea : limpede
aievea : răspicat
ailanthus : leșier
ailanthus : oțetar
ailanthus : arbore-puturos
aira : iarba-bălții
aira : părul-porcului
aisberg : ghețar
aisberg : plutitor
aisberg : munte
aisfild : câmp
aiurea : interj
aiurea : altundeva
aiurea : ainde
aiurea : aindine
aiurea : plecat
aiurea : sanchi
aiurea : ți-am
aivă : poseda
aivă : deține
aivă : purta
aivă : numele
aivă : nutri
aivă : sentimente
aivă : pentru
aivă : exista
aivă : găsi
aivă : bucura
aivă : dispune
aivă : sfârșit
aișor : pădure
aișor : dalac
aișor : ghiocel
ajacis : purtat
ajacis : sultan
ajacis : bonzari
ajacis : cătănioare
ajacis : ocheșei
ajacis : păpucei
ajacis : pinten
ajacis : ciocul-ciorii
ajacis : ciocul-păsării
ajacis : floarea-grâului
ajacis : țâța-caprei
ajuga : spicele
ajuga : barba-boierului
ajuga : țâța-caprei
ajuga : coada-șopârlei
ajuga : norea
ajuga : barba-țapului
ajuga : coada-priculicilor
ajuga : cornul-dracului
ajuga : floarea-zmeului
ajuga : goliciunea-fetii-pădurii
ajumi : dormita
ajumi : picoti
ajumire : dormita
ajumire : picoti
ajumit : dormita
ajumit : picoti
ajunge : interj
ajunge : basta
ajunge : destul
ajunge : isprăvește
ajunge : punct
ajunge : sfârșește
ajunge : peior
ajuns : căpătuit
ajuns : chivernisit
ajuns : îmbogățit
ajuns : înavuțit
ajuns : înstărit
ajusta : adapta
ajusta : potrivi
ajustare : adaptare
ajustare : potrivire
ajustat : adapta
ajustat : potrivi
ajuta : ajutora
ajuta : ocroti
ajuta : proteja
ajuta : sprijini
ajuta : susține
ajuta : protegui
ajuta : înlesni
ajuta : prindori
ajuta : îndemâna
ajuta : protecta
ajuta : propti
ajuta : milui
ajuta : proslăvi
ajuta : folosi
ajuta : servi
ajuta : sluji
ajutare : ajutorare
ajutare : sprijinire
ajutare : cuiva
ajutare : rezolvarea
ajutat : ajutorat
ajutat : ocrotit
ajutat : protejat
ajutat : sprijinit
ajutat : susținut
ajutat : proteguit
ajutat : proptit
ajutor : interj
ajutor : ocrotire
ajutor : protecție
ajutor : sprijin
ajutor : recurs
ajutor : ajutorie
ajutor : turcism
ajutor : iamac
ajutor : mulțumit
ajutor : pentru
ajutor : concurs
ajutor : oficii
ajutor : serviciu
ajutor : contribuție
ajutor : patronaj
ajutor : tutelaj
ajutor : bucura
ajutor : reazem
ajutor : sprijinitor
ajutor : toiag
ajutor : bătrânețelor
ajutor : auxiliar
ajutori : interj
ajutori : ocrotire
ajutori : protecție
ajutori : sprijin
ajutori : recurs
ajutori : ajutorie
ajutori : turcism
ajutori : iamac
ajutori : mulțumit
ajutori : pentru
ajutori : concurs
ajutori : oficii
ajutori : serviciu
ajutori : contribuție
ajutori : patronaj
ajutori : tutelaj
ajutori : bucura
ajutori : reazem
ajutori : sprijinitor
ajutori : toiag
ajutori : bătrânețelor
ajutori : auxiliar
ajutorie : ocrotire
ajutorie : protecție
ajutorință : fumărit
ajutorință : ocrotire
ajutorință : protecție
ajutorință : sprijin
alac : tenchi
alaciu : pătat
alagea : bucluc
alagea : dandana
alagea : neajuns
alagea : necaz
alagea : nemulțumire
alagea : nenorocire
alagea : neplăcere
alagea : nevoie
alagea : pacoste
alagea : pocinog
alai : cortegiu
alai : ecpaia
alai : saltanat
alalie : logoplegie
alamă : mesing
alamă : alămărie
alamă : felul
alaturi : juxtapune
alaturi : multe
alaun : vestul
alaun : săricea
alaun : folosit
alaș : pătul
alb : poetic
alb : coama
alb : coliliu
alb : părul
alb : bariu
alb : știubeci
alb : titan
alb : mijlociu
alb : nescris
alb : foaie
albanez : schipetar
albanez : arnăut
albanez : arvanit
albanez : arnăuțesc
albastre : turchez
albastru : turchez
albaștri : turchez
albeață : albiciune
albeață : albime
albei : poetic
albei : coama
albei : coliliu
albei : părul
albei : bariu
albei : știubeci
albei : titan
albei : mijlociu
albei : nescris
albei : foaie
albi : înălbi
albicios : albiu
albicios : albui
albicios : alburiu
albicios : aspect
albie : copaie
albie : balie
albie : spălător
albie : trecut
albie : ușor
albii : poetic
albii : coama
albii : coliliu
albii : părul
albii : bariu
albii : știubeci
albii : titan
albii : mijlociu
albii : nescris
albii : foaie
albiliță : fluture
albiliță : fluture-alb
albina : bondar
albinel : furnicar
albinel : prigorie
albino : bondar
albină : produce
albioară : covățea
albioară : frământat
albire : înălbire
albit : înălbit
albitură : spațiile
albitură : dintre
albitură : numește
albitură : orice
albitură : pește
albitură : culoare
album : știr
album : piciorul-caprei
albumen : endoderm
albă : poetic
albă : coama
albă : coliliu
albă : părul
albă : bariu
albă : știubeci
albă : titan
albă : mijlociu
albă : nescris
albă : foaie
albăstrea : vinețea
albăstrea : ghioc
albăstrea : zglăvoc
albăstrea : floarea-grâului
albăstrea : floarea-paiului
albăstreală : pentru
albăstri : înălbăstri
albăstri : mierii
albăstri : obiect
albăstri : scrobi
albăstri : sinili
albăstrire : înălbăstri
albăstrire : mierii
albăstrire : obiect
albăstrire : scrobi
albăstrire : sinili
albăstrit : înălbăstri
albăstrit : mierii
albăstrit : obiect
albăstrit : scrobi
albăstrit : sinili
albăstrui : albăstriu
albăstrui : safiriu
albăstrui : mieriu
albăstrui : mieru
albăstrui : siniliu
alchemilla : brumărie
alchemilla : umbrarul-doamnei
alcool : spirt
alcool : spirit
alcool : alcool
alcool : pentanol
alcool : butanol
alcool : etanol
alcool : metilic
alcool : vinilic
alcool : propanol
alcool : rafinat
alcool : rectificat
alcoolat : alcoxid
alcooli : spirt
alcooli : spirit
alcooli : alcool
alcooli : pentanol
alcooli : butanol
alcooli : etanol
alcooli : metilic
alcooli : vinilic
alcooli : propanol
alcooli : rafinat
alcooli : rectificat
alcoolic : băutor
alcoolic : bețiv
alcoolic : șumen
alcoolic : pilaci
alcoolic : pilangiu
alcoolic : sugaci
alcoolic : sugător
alcoolic : spirtos
alcoolic : spirituos
alcoolism : beție
alcoolism : etilism
alcor : cărăușul
alcor : văcarul
alcor : ucigă-l-crucea
alcor : ucigă-l-toaca
alcătui : concepe
alcătui : întocmi
alcătui : plăsmui
alcătui : realiza
alcătui : colecție
alcătui : compune
alcătui : construi
alcătui : constitui
alcătui : forma
alcătui : înforma
alcătuire : aranjament
alcătuire : așezare
alcătuire : dispunere
alcătuire : distribuție
alcătuire : întocmire
alcătuire : materiei
alcătuit : concepe
alcătuit : întocmi
alcătuit : plăsmui
alcătuit : realiza
alcătuit : colecție
alcătuit : compune
alcătuit : construi
alcătuit : constitui
alcătuit : forma
alcătuit : înforma
aldebaran : deșteptătorul
aldebaran : porcarul
aldebaran : luceafărul-porcesc
aldebaran : luceafărul-porcului
aldebaran : ochiul-taurului
aldebaran : steaua-porcului
aldin : compact
aldine : compact
aldol : acetaldol
aleatoriu : incidental
aleatoriu : întâmplător
aleatoriu : ocazional
alee : intrare
alee : fundac
alee : impas
alege : decide
alege : stabili
alege : îndemna
alege : rezolva
alege : cumpăni
alege : desemna
alege : învesti
alege : rămâne
alege : te-ai
alegere : scrutin
alegere : votare
alegere : timpul
alegoric : simbolic
alegoric : imagine
alegru : sprinten
alegând : decide
alegând : stabili
alegând : îndemna
alegând : rezolva
alegând : cumpăni
alegând : desemna
alegând : învesti
alegând : rămâne
alegând : te-ai
alei : intrare
alei : fundac
alei : impas
aleluia : interj
alerga : încura
alerga : scopci
alergare : încurare
alergat : încura
alergat : scopci
alergie : anafilaxie
alergie : erupție
alergie : exantem
alergătoare : războiul
alergătură : alergare
alergătură : umblet
alergătură : prepurtare
alergătură : ceasuri
alergătură : rezolvat
alergătură : făcut
alert : sprinten
ales : deosebit
ales : distins
ales : rafinat
ales : select
ales : stilat
ales : subtil
ales : subțire
ales : public
ales : delicat
ales : manierat
ales : politicos
ales : comportare
ales : generos
ales : mărinimos
ales : nobil
ales : sentimente
ales : aparte
ales : scump
ales : aristocrat
ales : aristocratic
ales : ilustru
ales : înalt
ales : mărit
ales : slăvit
ales : blagorod
ales : blagorodnic
ales : grecism
ales : evghenicos
ales : evghenis
ales : peior
ales : simandicos
ales : familii
alese : decide
alese : stabili
alese : îndemna
alese : rezolva
alese : cumpăni
alese : desemna
alese : învesti
alese : rămâne
alese : te-ai
alfabet : vremea
alfabet : scrierii
alfabet : litere
alfabet : chirilice
alfabet : azbuche
algo : cianoficee
algonkian : proterozoic
algă : cianoficee
aliat : soție
alice : șiret
alice : pentru
alică : șiret
alică : pentru
alifie : unguent
alifie : liniment
alifie : unsoare
alifie : mehlem
alimentat : hrănit
alimentat : nutrit
alimentație : alimentare
alimentație : hrănire
alimentație : mâncare
alimentație : mâncat
alimentație : nutrire
alimentație : nutriție
alimentație : timpul
alin : calma
alin : domoli
alin : îmblânzi
alin : liniști
alin : potoli
alin : tempera
alin : ușura
alin : ostoi
alin : mângâia
alin : odihni
alin : adormi
alin : răcori
alin : spuse
alin : durerea
alin : plâns
alina : calma
alina : domoli
alina : îmblânzi
alina : liniști
alina : potoli
alina : tempera
alina : ușura
alina : ostoi
alina : mângâia
alina : odihni
alina : adormi
alina : răcori
alina : spuse
alina : durerea
alina : plâns
alinare : calmare
alinare : domolire
alinare : liniștire
alinare : potolire
alinare : temperare
alinare : ușurare
alinare : potolit
alinat : calma
alinat : domoli
alinat : îmblânzi
alinat : liniști
alinat : potoli
alinat : tempera
alinat : ușura
alinat : ostoi
alinat : mângâia
alinat : odihni
alinat : adormi
alinat : răcori
alinat : spuse
alinat : durerea
alinat : plâns
alineat : paragraf
alini : calma
alini : domoli
alini : îmblânzi
alini : liniști
alini : potoli
alini : tempera
alini : ușura
alini : ostoi
alini : mângâia
alini : odihni
alini : adormi
alini : răcori
alini : spuse
alini : durerea
alini : plâns
alinia : înșira
alinia : șirui
alinia : ordona
alinia : rândui
aliniat : înșirat
aliniat : înșiruit
aliniat : rânduit
aliniere : înșira
aliniere : șirui
aliniere : ordona
aliniere : rândui
alint : alintare
alint : dezmierdare
alint : mângâiere
alinta : cocoli
alinta : răzgâia
alinta : corconi
alinta : mădări
alinta : lăinici
alintare : răsfățare
alintare : răzgâiere
alintare : ~ările
alintat : dezmierdat
alintat : mângâiat
alintat : cocolit
alintat : răsfățat
alintat : răzgâiat
alintat : mădărit
alintat : ninerat
alintătură : dezmierdare
alipi : aglutina
alipi : reuni
alipi : elemente
alipi : vorbirii
alipire : aglutinare
alipire : lipire
alipire : unire
alipire : sudare
alipire : cuvinte
alipit : aglutinat
alipit : lipit
alipit : reunit
alipit : sudat
alipit : microorganisme
alisma : limba-bălților
alisma : limba-broaștei
alisma : limba-oii
alitare : calorizare
allanit : ortit
allegro : repede
alliaria : aișor
alliaria : vindecătoare
alliaria : frunza-voinicului
alliaria : iarbă-de-boale
alliaria : iarbă-de-lingoare
alnus : liliac-de-munte
alocare : alocație
aloe : sabur
aloe : fiere-de-urs
alogen : alogenetic
alotropie : alotropism
alozom : cromozom
alozom : heterozom
alozom : sexual
alpaca : argentan
alpin : alpestru
alpina : alpestru
alpinum : lăptiuca-oii
alpinus : strelici
alpinus : grăsime
alpinus : iarbă-moale
alpinus : steaua-fetei
alpinus : ochiul-boului
alpmus : sunătoare
alpmus : coaiele-popii
altar : creștini
altar : sanctuar
altar : pristol
altar : oltar
altar : jertfelnic
altar : trebnic
altar : tabernacul
altcineva : altcareva
altera : descompune
altera : fermenta
altera : înăcri
altera : strica
altera : sărbezi
altera : sminti
altera : mocni
altera : pâșcăvi
altera : scoace
alterabil : stricăcios
alterare : acrire
alterare : descompunere
alterare : fermentare
alterare : împuțire
alterare : înăcrire
alterare : stricare
alterat : acrit
alterat : descompus
alterat : fermentat
alterat : împuțit
alterat : înăcrit
alterat : stricat
alterat : mocnit
alterat : sărbezit
alterat : scopt
alterat : brânzit
alterație : accident
alternare : rotație
alternare : succesiune
alternifolium : bulbuc
alteră : descompune
alteră : fermenta
alteră : înăcri
alteră : strica
alteră : sărbezi
alteră : sminti
alteră : mocni
alteră : pâșcăvi
alteră : scoace
altfel : altminteri
altfel : altcum
altfel : altcumva
altfel : procedeze
althaea : colăceii-babei
altissima : leșier
altissima : oțetar
altissima : arbore-puturos
altitudine : înălțime
altminteri : altfel
altoi : prăsădi
altoire : inoculație
altoit : prăsad
altruism : generozitate
altruist : generos
altul : celălalt
altul : când
aluat : pielm
aluat : pentru
aluat : creșterea
aluminosilicat : alumosilicat
aluna : pământ
aluneca : luneca
aluneca : scăpăta
alunecare : lunecare
alunecat : luneca
alunecat : scăpăta
alunecos : lunecos
alunecos : bălos
alunecări : lunecare
alunele : mândălac
alungi : întinde
alungi : lungi
alungi : prelungi
alungi : subția
alungi : obiect
alungire : întinde
alungire : lungi
alungire : prelungi
alungire : subția
alungire : obiect
alungit : prelung
alungit : prelungit
alungit : oblong
alungit : fruct
aluniță : stârlici
alună : pământ
alură : poziție
aluvial : aluvionar
aluzie : franțuzism
aluzie : apropo
aluzie : cusur
aluzie : făcut
alveolo : fagurii
alveolă : fagurii
alămărie : alămuri
alămărie : divers
alăpta : apleca
alăpta : băia
alăptare : lactație
alăptat : apleca
alăptat : băia
alătura : juxtapune
alătura : multe
alăturare : juxtapunere
alăturat : juxtapus
alăturat : anexat
alături : local
alături : colea
alături : chiar
alături : modal
alături : marginea
amabilitate : bunătate
amabilitate : să-mi
aman : interj
amanet : garanție
amanet : chezășie
amanet : zălog
amanet : rămas
amanet : drept
amaneta : zălogi
amaneta : supune
amanetare : zălogire
amanetat : zălogit
amanita : spongie
amanita : burete-de-mare
amanita : spongier
amanita : șponghie
amanita : șters
amanita : coralloides
amanita : curălice
amanita : meloșel
amanita : opintici
amanita : togmăgel
amanita : barba-caprei
amanita : laba-mâței
amanita : rămurele
amanita : pâinișoare
amanita : flocoșel
amanita : cibarius
amanita : gălbinele
amanita : gălbiori
amanita : unghia-caprei
amanita : cerbilor
amanita : vulgare
amanita : bășina-porcului
amanita : ostreatus
amanita : burete-șerpesc
amanita : pălăria-șarpelui
amanita : procera
amant : concubin
amant : iubit
amant : prieten
amant : amorez
amant : ibovnic
amant : libovnic
amant : gagic
amant : gagiu
amar : schinel
amaranthus : moțoc
amaranthus : cucui
amaranthus : vestul
amaranthus : pupui
amaranthus : țuluc
amaranthus : creasta-cocoșului
amaranthus : nasul-curcanului
amaranthus : știr
amarare : amaraj
amarat : nenorocit
amarat : prăpădit
amarat : pârlit
amarat : funcționar
amară : schinel
amator : doritor
amator : dornic
amator : iubitor
amator : pofticios
amator : râvnitor
amator : poftitor
amator : poftos
amator : pohtaci
amator : libovnic
amator : râvnaci
amator : diletant
amator : neprofesionist
amatorism : diletantism
amatorism : neprofesionalism
amatorism : neprofesionism
ambasador : legat
ambazonă : faringosept
amberboa : bumbi
amberboa : cănăfior
amberboa : didinele
amberboa : scăișori
amberboa : spoitori
ambiant : înconjurător
ambiant : ambiental
ambitus : întindere
ambitus : registru
ambiție : pretenție
ambiție : veleitate
ambiție : inaghie
ambiție : lipsit
ambițios : pretențios
ambițios : veleitar
ambra : chihlimbar
ambra : cenușiu
ambra : intestinul
ambrosioides : botrys
ambră : chihlimbar
ambră : cenușiu
ambră : intestinul
ambulanță : salvare
ameliora : îndrepta
ameliora : răzbuna
ameliorare : ameliorație
ameliorare : îmbunătățire
ameliorare : îndreptare
ameliorat : îndrepta
ameliorat : răzbuna
ameliorație : funciare
amellus : gălățence
amellus : vărsătoare
amellus : flori-cojocărești
amellus : iarba-vântului
amellus : ochiul-boului
amenda : penaliza
amenda : globi
amenda : ștrăfui
amendare : penalizare
amendare : cuiva
amendat : penaliza
amendat : globi
amendat : ștrăfui
amendă : penalitate
amendă : penalizare
amendă : penalizație
amendă : ștraf
amendă : birșag
amendă : globire
amendă : hatalm
amendă : turcism
amendă : geremea
amendă : aplicat
amenința : mănânțăla
amenința : pândi
amenința : paște
amenința : periclita
amenința : primejdui
amenința : situație
amenințare : îngrozire
amenințare : cuiva
amenințat : periclitat
amenințat : primejduit
amenințător : sperios
ament : mâțișor
ament : mărțișor
ament : mugur
ament : salciei
amerindieni : indieni
amerindieni : piei-roșii
amerindieni : populația
amerizare : amerizaj
amerizare : hidroavionului
amerizare : decurs
amestec : combinație
amestec : melanj
amesteca : combina
amesteca : multe
amesteca : sfeti
amesteca : cărțile
amesteca : băga
amesteca : interveni
amesteca : nechemat
amesteca : discuție
amestecare : combinare
amestecare : multor
amestecat : diferit
amestecat : eterogen
amestecat : felurit
amestecat : împestrițat
amestecat : variat
amestecat : public
amestecătură : încâlcire
amețeală : vertij
amețeală : vârtej
amețeală : simțit
amețit : zăpăcit
amețit : îmbătat
amețitor : vârtejitor
amețitor : vârtejos
amețitor : năucitor
amețitor : uimitor
amețitor : uluitor
amețitor : zăpăcitor
amețitor : nebun
amețitor : tulburător
amețitor : îmbătător
amfiartroză : articulație
amfineură : amfineurian
amigdalită : gâlci
amin : interj
aminti : arăta
aminti : indica
aminti : menționa
aminti : pomeni
aminti : semnala
aminti : semnaliza
aminti : memora
aminti : prenumi
aminti : atinge
aminti : într-un
aminti : evoca
aminti : redeștepta
aminti : vremurile
amintire : minte
amintire : astăzi
amintire : suvenir
amintire : grecism
amintire : promit
amintire : memorie
amintire : rămas
amintire : toate
amintire : aceste
amintire : pamente
amintire : ridicat
amintirea : minte
amintirea : astăzi
amintirea : suvenir
amintirea : grecism
amintirea : promit
amintirea : memorie
amintirea : rămas
amintirea : toate
amintirea : aceste
amintirea : pamente
amintirea : ridicat
amintit : arăta
amintit : indica
amintit : menționa
amintit : pomeni
amintit : semnala
amintit : semnaliza
amintit : memora
amintit : prenumi
amintit : atinge
amintit : într-un
amintit : evoca
amintit : redeștepta
amintit : vremurile
amitoză : sciziparitate
amitoză : diviziune
amnar : oțele
amnar : pentru
amnar : aprinderea
amnar : pochiheci
amnar : războiul
amnar : colțar
amnar : stâlpul
amnar : colțul
amnări : chercheli
amnări : îmbăta
amnărire : chercheli
amnărire : îmbăta
amnărit : băut
amnărit : cherchelit
amnărit : îmbătat
amoniac : spirt-de-țipirig
amoraș : putto
amorez : concubin
amorez : iubit
amorf : inform
amorf : necristalin
amoros : galant
amoros : sentimental
amorti : insensibiliza
amorti : țesutul
amorti : înțepeni
amorti : paraliza
amorțeală : toropire
amorți : insensibiliza
amorți : țesutul
amorți : înțepeni
amorți : paraliza
amorțire : insensibiliza
amorțire : țesutul
amorțire : înțepeni
amorțire : paraliza
amorțit : înțepenit
amorțit : dreven
amorțit : toropit
amphibia : floare-de-leac
amphibia : boglar
amphibia : piciorul-cocoșului
amphibia : munte
amplasa : așeza
amplasa : plasa
amplasa : situa
amplasa : stabili
amplasa : uzina
amplasa : apropiere
amplasament : așezare
amplasament : poziție
amplasament : situare
amplasament : situație
amplasament : așezământ
amplasament : pusăciune
amplasament : pusoare
amplasament : potrivit
amplasament : pentru
amplasare : așezare
amplasare : fixare
amplasare : plasare
amplasare : situare
amplasare : stabilire
amplasare : noului
amplasare : obiectiv
amplasare : într-un
amplasat : așeza
amplasat : plasa
amplasat : situa
amplasat : stabili
amplasat : uzina
amplasat : apropiere
amplifica : intensifica
amplifica : întări
amplifica : mări
amplifica : valoarea
amplifica : mărimi
amplificare : amplificație
amplificare : intensificare
amplificare : întărire
amplificare : mărire
amplificare : potențare
amplificare : mărimi
amplificat : crescut
amplificat : intensificat
amplificat : întărit
amplificat : mărit
amplificat : potențat
amplificat : sporit
amplificat : valoare
amploiat : impiegat
amplu : bogat
amplu : cuprinzător
amprenta : calitate
amprenta : caracter
amprenta : însușire
amprenta : întipărire
amprenta : particularitate
amprenta : proprietate
amprenta : specific
amprenta : tipar
amprentă : calitate
amprentă : caracter
amprentă : însușire
amprentă : întipărire
amprentă : particularitate
amprentă : proprietate
amprentă : specific
amprentă : tipar
amputa : tăia
amputare : amputație
amputare : tăiere
amputat : tăia
amuletă : talisman
amuletă : franțuzism
amuletă : porte-bonheur
amuletă : advar
amuletă : baier
amuzament : distracție
amuzant : comic
amuzant : hazliu
amuzant : nostim
amuzant : vesel
amuzant : ilariant
amuzant : întâmplare
amuzant : haios
amuzant : chestie
amygdalus : badim
amâna : tămânda
amâna : remite
amâna : încetini
amâna : întârzia
amâna : producerea
amâna : lungi
amâna : tărăgăna
amâna : tergiversa
amâna : temporiza
amâna : rezolvarea
amâna : lăsa
amânare : tămândare
amânare : încetinire
amânare : întârziere
amânare : producerii
amânare : tărăgănare
amânare : tergiversare
amânare : temporizare
amânare : tergiversațiune
amânare : rezolvării
amânat : tămânda
amânat : remite
amânat : încetini
amânat : întârzia
amânat : producerea
amânat : lungi
amânat : tărăgăna
amânat : tergiversa
amânat : temporiza
amânat : rezolvarea
amânat : lăsa
amândoi : ambii
amândoi : venit
amână : tămânda
amână : remite
amână : încetini
amână : întârzia
amână : producerea
amână : lungi
amână : tărăgăna
amână : tergiversa
amână : temporiza
amână : rezolvarea
amână : lăsa
amăgi : ademeni
amăgi : atrage
amăgi : ispiti
amăgi : seduce
amăgi : tenta
amăgi : aromi
amăgi : năpăstui
amăgi : îmbia
amăgire : iluzie
amănunt : amplu
amănunt : detaliat
amănunțit : amplu
amănunțit : detaliat
amănunțit : dezvoltat
amănunțit : amănunt
amănunțit : relatare
amănunțit : atent
amănunțit : meticulos
amănunțit : migălos
amănunțit : minuțios
amănunțit : riguros
amănunțit : scrupulos
amănunțit : serios
amănunțit : scump
amănunțit : cercetare
amănunțit : îndeaproape
amăreală : amărăciune
amărât : nenorocit
amărât : prăpădit
amărât : pârlit
amărât : funcționar
an : veleat
an : bisextil
an : visect
an : vreme
anacronic : anacronistic
anacronic : situație
anaerob : anaerobiotic
anaerobioză : forma
anaerobioză : organismelor
anafură : împarte
anafură : credincioșilor
anagallis : focșor
anagallis : gonitoare
anagallis : ochișor
anagallis : scânteie
anagallis : buruiana-bureților
anagallis : soponelul-calului
anagallis : atârnătoare
anagallis : cheița-raiului
anagnost : proveneau
anagnost : dintre
anagnost : sclavii
anagrama : numelui
anagramă : numelui
anagyroides : acățar
anagyroides : liliac
anagyroides : păsuiele
anagyroides : vacație
anagyroides : lemn-alb
anagyroides : băgrin
anagyroides : dafin
anagyroides : pănar
anagyroides : bobițel
anagyroides : lemnul-bobului
anagyroides : grozamă-mare
anagyroides : salcâm-boieresc
anagyroides : fructicosa
analcid : hexaclorciclohexan
analecte : crestomație
analfabet : neștiutor
analfabet : carte
analiza : cerceta
analiza : examina
analiza : investiga
analiza : studia
analiza : urmări
analiza : considera
analiza : medita
analiza : privi
analiza : socoti
analiza : explora
analiza : scărmăna
analiza : cauzele
analiza : comenta
analiza : explica
analiza : interpreta
analiza : tâlcui
analiza : întoarce
analiza : descifra
analizare : comentare
analizare : explicare
analizare : interpretare
analizare : tâlcuire
analizat : cerceta
analizat : examina
analizat : investiga
analizat : studia
analizat : urmări
analizat : considera
analizat : medita
analizat : privi
analizat : socoti
analizat : explora
analizat : scărmăna
analizat : cauzele
analizat : comenta
analizat : explica
analizat : interpreta
analizat : tâlcui
analizat : întoarce
analizat : descifra
analiză : analizare
analiză : cercetare
analiză : examen
analiză : examinare
analiză : investigare
analiză : investigație
analiză : studiere
analiză : studiu
analiză : cercare
analiză : răspicare
analiză : explorare
anapoda : aiurea
anapoda : prost
anapoda : brambura
anapoda : mergeau
anapoda : alandala
anarhist : libertar
anarhosindicalism : sindicalism
anason : anason-franțuzesc
anason : anisatum
anason : anason-stelat
anason : badian
anastigmatic : anastigmat
anastigmatic : fotografic
anatas : octaedrit
ancheta : cerceta
ancheta : instrui
ancheta : instrumenta
anchetat : cerceta
anchetat : instrui
anchetat : instrumenta
anchetă : anchetare
anchetă : cercetare
anchetă : instruire
anchetă : instrumentare
anchetă : rusism
anchiloza : înțepeni
anchiloza : prinde
anchilozat : înțepenit
anchilozat : prins
anchilozat : articulațiile
anchiloză : anchilozare
anchiloză : înțepenire
anchiloză : prindere
anchusa : officinalis
anchusa : roșii
anchusa : limba-boului
ancie : instrument
ancorare : ancoraj
andivă : cicoare
andrea : cârlig
andrea : pentru
andrea : plase
androginie : pseudohermafroditism
androsace : lăptic
androsace : laptele-stâncii
anecdotă : spirit
anecdotă : polojenie
anemic : redus
anestezia : rahianestezie
anesteziat : rahianestezie
anestezic : anesteziant
anestezie : rahianestezie
anesteziere : rahianestezie
anestezist : narcotizator
aneurină : vitamina
anevoie : restituit
anevoință : greutate
anevoință : impas
anevoință : impediment
anevoință : inconvenient
anevoință : neajuns
anevoință : nevoie
anevoință : obstacol
anevoință : opreliște
anevoios : dificil
anevoios : delicat
anevoios : ingrat
anevoios : misiune
anevoios : greoi
anevoios : astăzi
anevoios : silnic
anevoios : mizerabil
anevoios : necăjit
anevoios : prost
anevoios : necăjos
anevoios : aspru
anevoios : spinos
anexa : alătura
anexa : memoriu
anexa : actele
anexa : alipi
anexa : încorpora
anexa : întrupa
anexa : teritoriu
anexare : alipire
anexare : anexiune
anexare : încorporare
anexare : teritoriu
angaja : băga
angaja : încadra
angaja : primi
angaja : năimi
angaja : într-un
angaja : intra
angaja : tocmi
angaja : învoi
angaja : merge
angaja : prinde
angaja : apuca
angaja : făgădui
angaja : îndatora
angaja : însărcina
angaja : obliga
angaja : promite
angaja : jurui
angaja : adeveri
angajament : asigurare
angajament : cuvânt
angajament : legământ
angajament : promisiune
angajament : astăzi
angajament : promitere
angajament : sfătuit
angajament : turcism
angajament : ținut
angajament : îndatorire
angajament : obligație
angajare : încadrare
angajare : numire
angajare : primire
angajare : făcut
angajare : intrare
angajat : salariat
angajat : năimit
angajat : lefegiu
angajat : supus
angajat : personal
anghelică : angelica
anghilă : anguilla
anghilă : țipar
anghinare : scolim
anghinare : carciofoi
angiom : vascular
anglofil : angloman
anglofilie : anglomanie
angrosist : toptangiu
angustifolia : spichinat
angustifolia : șpic
angustifolia : levant
angustifolia : aspic
angustifolium : angustifolium
angustifolium : zburătoare
angustifolius : moțoc
angustifolius : cucui
angustifolius : vestul
angustifolius : pupui
angustifolius : țuluc
angustifolius : creasta-cocoșului
angustifolius : nasul-curcanului
angustifolius : știr
anhidridă : carbon
anhidridă : bioxid
anhidridă : fosfor
anihila : anula
anihila : contracara
anihila : împiedica
anihila : neutraliza
anihila : zădărnici
anihila : efectele
anihila : nefaste
anihila : paraliza
anihila : orice
anihilare : anulare
anihilare : contracarare
anihilare : împiedicare
anihilare : neutralizare
anihilare : zădărnicire
anihilare : efectelor
anihilare : negative
anihilat : anula
anihilat : contracara
anihilat : împiedica
anihilat : neutraliza
anihilat : zădărnici
anihilat : efectele
anihilat : nefaste
anihilat : paraliza
anihilat : orice
anilină : aminobenzen
animal : dobitoc
animal : necuvântător
animal : vietate
animal : viețuitoare
animal : dihanie
animal : săzdanie
animal : suflare
animal : zidire
animaliculist : spermatist
animat : sexuat
animat : genul
animat : discuție
animator : însuflețitor
animator : suflet
animator : întregii
animație : antren
animație : însuflețire
animație : vioiciune
animație : vivacitate
animație : petrecere
anin : apuca
anin : atârna
anin : prinde
anin : spânzura
anin : suspenda
anina : apuca
anina : atârna
anina : prinde
anina : spânzura
anina : suspenda
aninare : agățat
aninare : atârnare
aninare : atârnat
aninare : prindere
aninare : prins
aninare : spânzurare
aninare : spânzurat
aninat : atârnat
aninat : spânzurat
aninaș : liliac-de-munte
anină : apuca
anină : atârna
anină : prinde
anină : spânzura
anină : suspenda
aninătoare : atârnătoare
anion : negativ
anion : anion
anion : macromolecular
anisatum : anason-franțuzesc
anisatum : anisatum
anisatum : anason-stelat
anisatum : badian
anisian : virglorian
anisol : metoxibenzen
anisol : fenilmetilic
aniversa : celebra
aniversa : prăznui
aniversa : sărbători
aniversa : serba
aniversa : ține
aniversa : prăznici
aniversa : secol
aniversare : celebrare
aniversare : prăznuire
aniversare : sărbătorire
aniversare : serbare
aniversare : secol
aniversare : nașterii
aniversară : celebra
aniversară : prăznui
aniversară : sărbători
aniversară : serba
aniversară : ține
aniversară : prăznici
aniversară : secol
aniversat : celebra
aniversat : prăznui
aniversat : sărbători
aniversat : serba
aniversat : ține
aniversat : prăznici
aniversat : secol
anizotrop : eolotrop
anizotropie : eolotropie
annotinum : brădișor
annotinum : ploșnicar
annua : șivoi
annua : levcoaie-roșie
annua : vioară-roșie
annua : viorea-roșie
annua : pruvireag
annuum : piper
anod : pozitiv
anomalie : cusur
anomalie : defect
anonim : necunoscut
anonim : neidentificat
anonim : neștiut
anonim : nesemnat
anorganic : mineral
anorganic : neorganic
anormal : nefiresc
anormal : nenormal
anormal : neobișnuit
anormal : situație
anosti : sătura
anostire : sătura
anostit : sătura
anotimp : sezon
anotimp : stagiune
anotimp : patru
anotimp : anotimpuri
ansamblu : întreg
ansamblu : totalitate
ansamblu : elemente
ansamblu : alcătuiesc
ansamblu : colectiv
ansamblu : formație
anseriformă : palmiped
antagonist : antagonic
antagonist : potrivnic
antebraț : pulpa
antebraț : mâinii
antennaria : flocoșele
antennaria : părălei
antennaria : siminoc
antennaria : floarea-patului
antennaria : laba-mâții
antennaria : scânteiuță-de-munte
antennaria : sunătoare-de-munte
antennaria : talpa-mâței
antennaria : talpa-pisicii
antep : vișin
anterior : local
anterior : dinainte
anterior : temporal
anterior : precedent
anterior : premergător
anterior : trecut
anterior : precezător
anteriu : mintie
anteriu : libadea
antero : polinie
anteră : polinie
antevorbitor : preopinent
anthemis : mărariul-câinelui
anthericum : păinjenel
anthericum : limba-păsării
anthoxanthum : iarbă-mirositoare
anthozoa : coralier
anthyllis : renoloare
anthyllis : iarba-ranei
anthyllis : trifoiul-racului
antibioză : antagonism
antibioză : microbian
antic : vechi
antic : lumea
anticariat : anticărie
antichitate : vechime
antichitate : străvechime
antichitate : vechie
anticipat : prealabil
anticipat : preliminar
anticipat : premergător
anticipat : condiție
anticipație : anticipare
anticoncepțional : anticonceptiv
anticoncepțional : contraceptiv
anticongelant : aditiv
anticongelant : depresant
antică : vechi
antică : lumea
antidemocratic : antidemocrat
antidiareic : constipant
antidiareic : strângător
antidot : contravenin
antidot : antifarmac
antidot : pentru
antihelmintic : vermifug
antiintelectualism : iraționalism
antiluetic : antisifilitic
antiluetic : spirocid
antimalaric : antipaludic
antimonarhic : antimonarhist
antimonarhic : contramonarhist
antimoniat : hexahidroxiantimoniat
antimoniu : stibiu
antimoniu : sârmea
antioxidant : antioxigen
antioxidant : inhibitor
antioxidant : oxidare
antipatic : dezagreabil
antipatic : neplăcut
antipatic : nesuferit
antipatic : respingător
antipatic : scârbos
antipatie : aversiune
antipatie : ostilitate
antipatie : pornire
antipatie : repulsie
antipatie : resentiment
antipatie : resimțământ
antipirină : folosește
antipirină : împotriva
antireformist : contrareformist
antiser : specific
antispasmodic : antispastic
antispasmodic : spasmolitic
antist : epitrop
antitanc : anticar
antitetanic : antitetanos
antitetic : contrar
antiteză : opoziție
antitotalitar : antitotalitarist
antologie : florilegiu
antologie : poezie
antonică : aromaticum
antonică : borșer
antonică : crastavan
antonică : laba-gâștii
antonomază : antonomasie
antozoar : coralier
antrax : cărbune
antrax : dalac
antrax : armurare
antrax : răsfug
antrax : talan
antrax : sânge
antrax : pripit
antrax : spurcat
antrax : serpengea
antrena : împinge
antrena : acțiuni
antrena : ambala
antrena : aprinde
antrena : înfierbânta
antrena : înflăcăra
antrenat : împinge
antrenat : acțiuni
antrenat : ambala
antrenat : aprinde
antrenat : înfierbânta
antrenat : înflăcăra
antrenor : portsatelit
antreprenor : rusism
antreprenor : podreadcic
antreprenor : lucrări
antrepriză : podrad
antricot : cotlet
antricot : tarac
antropogeneză : antropogenie
antropogeneză : dezvoltarea
antropogeografie : geografia
antropogeografie : populației
antropogeografie : geografie
antropoid : antropomorf
antropoide : antropomorf
antropoidă : antropomorf
antroponim : antroponimic
antroponimic : antroponomastic
antroponimie : numele
anturaj : companie
anturaj : societate
anturaj : tovărășie
anturaj : grecism
anturaj : sinanstrofie
anturaj : petrecut
anturaj : agreabile
anula : ridica
anula : orice
anula : elimina
anula : înlătura
anula : scoate
anula : suprima
anula : șterge
anula : tăia
anula : ștricui
anula : rând
anula : fragment
anula : dintr-un
anulare : desființare
anulare : ridicare
anulare : restricții
anulare : eliminare
anulare : îndepărtare
anulare : înlăturare
anulare : scoatere
anulare : suprimare
anulare : ștergere
anulare : tăiere
anulare : rând
anulare : dintr-un
anulare : concr
anulare : într-un
anulat : eliminat
anulat : înlăturat
anulat : suprimat
anulat : șters
anulat : tăiat
anulat : paragraf
anulat : rând
anume : dinadins
anume : expres
anume : intenționat
anume : înadins
anume : special
anume : procedat
anume : acest
anume : specialmente
anumit : anume
anumit : aparte
anumit : osebit
anumit : special
anumit : cunoscut
anumit : determinat
anumit : fixat
anumit : precizat
anumit : rânduit
anumit : specificat
anumit : stabilit
anumit : statornicit
anumit : oarecare
anumit : oarecine
anunț : înștiințare
anunț : placat
anunț : afipt
anunț : publicație
anunț : indica
anunța : comunica
anunța : transmite
anunța : vesti
anunța : porunci
anunța : sosirea
anunța : publica
anunța : publicarisi
anunța : publicălui
anunța : publicui
anunțare : comunicare
anunțare : vestire
anunțare : sosirii
anunțare : încunoștințare
anunțare : înștiințare
anunțare : publicare
anunțare : publicație
anunțare : publicuire
anunțat : comunica
anunțat : transmite
anunțat : vesti
anunțat : porunci
anunțat : sosirea
anunțat : publica
anunțat : publicarisi
anunțat : publicălui
anunțat : publicui
anunțător : vestitor
anunțător : ~oarele
anurie : bolile
anvergură : calibru
anxietate : îngrijorare
anxietate : neliniște
aoleu : interj
aoli : căina
aoli : jelui
aoli : lamenta
aoli : plânge
aoli : tângui
aoli : văicări
aolire : căina
aolire : jelui
aolire : lamenta
aolire : plânge
aolire : tângui
aolire : văicări
aorto : cârja
aorto : aortei
aortă : cârja
aortă : aortei
aparat : instrument
aparat : pentru
aparat : curățat
aparat : circular
aparat : cardiovascular
aparat : aparat
aparatură : aparataj
apare : arăta
apare : vedea
apare : zări
apare : italienism
apare : spunta
apare : săptămânile
apare : sfeti
apare : mijloci
apare : înfiripa
apare : înflori
apare : naște
apare : zâmbet
apare : revela
apare : dezveli
apare : splendoarea
apare : slomni
apare : declara
apare : publica
apare : tipări
aparent : părelnic
aparent : părut
aparență : părere
aparență : părut
aparine : cornățel
aparine : lipici
aparine : scaimărunt
aparine : eupatoria
aparine : coada-racului
apariție : ivire
apariție : producere
apariție : încolțire
apariție : înfiripare
apariție : naștere
apariție : publicare
apariție : tipărire
apartament : odaie
aparte : separat
aparte : deosebit
aparte : distinct
aparte : special
aparte : capitol
aparte : particular
aparte : specific
aparte : generis
aparte : individual
aparte : neobișnuit
aparte : singular
aparte : insolit
apartenență : acestui
apartinic : apartid
apartinic : apartidic
aparține : depinde
aparține : ține
aparținea : depinde
aparținea : ține
aparținere : depinde
aparținere : ține
apel : chemare
apel : lansat
apel : către
apel : strigare
apelpisi : deznădăjdui
apelpisire : deznădăjdui
aperitiv : gustare
aperitiv : mezelic
apicultor : albinar
apicultor : prisăcar
apicultor : stupar
apicultor : mierar
apicultor : creșterea
apicultură : albinărie
apicultură : albinărit
apicultură : prisăcărie
apicultură : prisăcărit
apicultură : stupărie
apicultură : stupărit
apionină : piocten
apium : seler
apium : țeler
apium : achiu
aplana : înlătura
aplana : pacifica
aplanare : înlăturare
aplanare : pacificare
aplanare : dezamorsare
aplanat : înlătura
aplanat : pacifica
aplauda : plăsa
aplaudare : plăsa
aplaudat : plăsa
aplaude : plăsa
aplauze : aplaudări
apleca : atârna
apleca : cădea
apleca : culca
apleca : curba
apleca : înclina
apleca : încovoia
apleca : îndoi
apleca : lăsa
apleca : pleca
apleca : povedi
apleca : poligni
apleca : închina
apleca : ciumurlui
apleca : mâncat
aplecare : culcare
aplecare : culcat
aplecare : curbare
aplecare : înclinare
aplecare : încovoiere
aplecare : îndoire
aplecare : plecare
aplecare : crengilor
aplecare : încărcate
aplecat : curbat
aplecat : înclinat
aplecat : încovoiat
aplecat : îndoit
aplecat : lăsat
aplecat : plecat
aplecat : polignit
aplecat : crengile
aplecat : șoldit
aplecat : șoldiu
aplecate : curbat
aplecate : înclinat
aplecate : încovoiat
aplecate : îndoit
aplecate : lăsat
aplecate : plecat
aplecate : polignit
aplecate : crengile
aplecate : șoldit
aplecate : șoldiu
aplecuș : muchie
aplecuș : pripor
aplecăciune : aplicație
aplecăciune : aptitudine
aplecăciune : atracție
aplecăciune : chemare
aplecăciune : înclinare
aplecăciune : înclinație
aplecăciune : înzestrare
aplecăciune : pornire
aplecăciune : predilecție
aplecăciune : predispoziție
aplecăciune : talent
aplica : folosi
aplica : utiliza
aplica : practica
aplica : prinde
aplicare : aplicație
aplicare : folosire
aplicare : întrebuințare
aplicare : utilizare
aplicare : punere
aplică : folosi
aplică : utiliza
aplică : practica
aplică : prinde
apofonie : ablaut
apofonie : între
apofonie : vocalele
apoftegmă : cugetare
apoftegmă : dicton
apoftegmă : maxima
apogeu : culme
apogeu : culminație
apogeu : zenit
apogeu : aflat
apologet : panegirist
apologet : apologist
apologetic : panegiric
apologetic : discurs
apologetică : panegiric
apologetică : discurs
apologie : panegiric
apometru : contor
apometru : consumul
apoplectic : damblagiu
apoplexie : ictus
apoplexie : apoplectic
apoplexie : dambla
apoplexie : cataroi
apoplexie : șlag
aporie : incertitudine
aporie : neîncredere
aporie : scepticism
apos : puhav
apos : toplicios
apos : teren
apos : moale
apos : neconsistent
apos : subțire
apos : mâncare
aposeris : foetida
aposeris : salata-câinilor
apostat : răzvrătit
apostat : rebel
apostat : renegat
apostol : ucenic
apostol : praxiu
apostol : praxapostol
apostol : carte
apostolat : apostolie
apostolat : ucenicilor
apostoli : ucenic
apostoli : praxiu
apostoli : praxapostol
apostoli : carte
apostolic : apostolesc
apostolic : apostolicesc
apostolul : ucenic
apostolul : praxiu
apostolul : praxapostol
apostolul : carte
apostrofare : certare
apoteoza : cânta
apoteoza : diviniza
apoteoza : elogia
apoteoza : glorifica
apoteoza : lăuda
apoteoza : mări
apoteoza : omagia
apoteoza : preamări
apoteoza : slăvi
apoteoza : proslăvi
apoteozare : cânta
apoteozare : diviniza
apoteozare : elogia
apoteozare : glorifica
apoteozare : lăuda
apoteozare : mări
apoteozare : omagia
apoteozare : preamări
apoteozare : slăvi
apoteozare : proslăvi
apoteozat : cânta
apoteozat : diviniza
apoteozat : elogia
apoteozat : glorifica
apoteozat : lăuda
apoteozat : mări
apoteozat : omagia
apoteozat : preamări
apoteozat : slăvi
apoteozat : proslăvi
apoteoză : elogiere
apoteoză : glorificare
apoteoză : lăudare
apoteoză : mărire
apoteoză : preamărire
apoteoză : preaslăvire
apoteoză : proslăvire
apozițional : apozitiv
applanatum : văcălie
applanatum : trunchiul
aprecia : calcula
aprecia : potrivi
aprecia : socoti
aprecia : prețui
aprecia : gusta
aprecia : spectacol
aprecia : cinsti
aprecia : considera
aprecia : onora
aprecia : respecta
aprecia : stima
aprecia : respectarisi
aprecia : respectălui
aprecia : respectui
aprecia : aviza
aprecia : favorabil
apreciabil : considerabil
apreciabil : important
apreciabil : însemnat
apreciabil : cantitate
apreciat : prețuit
apreciat : gustat
apreciat : spectacol
apreciere : atenție
apreciere : cinste
apreciere : cinstire
apreciere : considerație
apreciere : onoare
apreciere : prețuire
apreciere : respect
apreciere : trecere
apreciere : rating
apreciere : lefterie
apreciere : grecism
apreciere : sevas
apreciere : credit
apreciere : opinie
apreciere : părere
apreciere : verdict
apreciere : nerăbdare
apret : șterc
apret : pentru
apreta : scrobi
apreta : aspri
apreta : mânji
apreta : crohmăli
apretare : scrobire
apretare : scrobit
apretare : crohmălire
apretat : scrobit
apretură : scrobire
apriat : evident
apriat : inteligibil
aprilie : prier
aprindere : ațâțare
aprindere : facere
aprins : înflăcărat
aprinsură : tumefacție
aprinzeală : friguri
aprioric : transcendental
apriorism : transcendentalism
aproape : colea
aproba : accepta
aproba : admite
aproba : pleca
aproba : îngădui
aproba : învoi
aproba : lăsa
aproba : permite
aproba : primi
aproba : concede
aproba : subscrie
aproba : prinde
aproba : pozvoli
aproba : aprobălui
aproba : mulțumi
aproba : ogodi
aproba : postul
aproba : vacant
aprobare : acceptare
aprobare : admitere
aprobare : consimțire
aprobare : încuviințare
aprobare : scoaterii
aprobare : concurs
aprobare : verde
aprobare : primit
aprobare : pentru
aprobat : acceptat
aprobat : admis
aprobativ : aprobator
aprobălui : admite
aprobălui : aproba
aprobălui : îndupleca
aprobălui : îngădui
aprobălui : învoi
aprobălui : lăsa
aprobălui : permite
aprobăluire : admite
aprobăluire : aproba
aprobăluire : îndupleca
aprobăluire : îngădui
aprobăluire : învoi
aprobăluire : lăsa
aprobăluire : permite
aprobăluit : admite
aprobăluit : aproba
aprobăluit : îndupleca
aprobăluit : îngădui
aprobăluit : învoi
aprobăluit : lăsa
aprobăluit : permite
aprofunda : adânci
aprofundare : adâncire
aprofundat : adânci
apropia : strânge
apropiat : strâns
apropiat : intim
apropiere : local
apropiere : împrejur
apropiere : vecinătate
apropiere : proximitate
apropiere : meleag
apropiere : prejmuire
apropiere : prejmet
apropria : atribui
apropria : cuvine
apropriat : atribui
apropriat : cuvine
apropriere : atribuire
apropriere : însușire
apropriere : lucru
apropriere : cuvine
aproviziona : chivernisi
aproviziona : proviziona
aproviziona : pentru
aprovizionare : chivernisi
aprovizionare : proviziona
aprovizionare : pentru
aprovizionat : chivernisi
aprovizionat : proviziona
aprovizionat : pentru
aproximare : aproximație
aproximativ : aproape
aproximativ : circa
aproximativ : pregiur
aproximativ : trecut
aproximație : tahmin
aprumut : împrumuta
aprumut : îndatora
aprumuta : împrumuta
aprumuta : îndatora
aprumutare : împrumuta
aprumutare : îndatora
aprumutat : împrumuta
aprumutat : îndatora
apt : capabil
apt : convenabil
apt : potrivit
apt : susceptibil
apt : pentru
apt : anumit
aptitudine : plecare
aptitudine : aplicație
aptitudine : atracție
aptitudine : chemare
aptitudine : înclinare
aptitudine : înclinație
aptitudine : înzestrare
aptitudine : pornire
aptitudine : predilecție
aptitudine : predispoziție
aptitudine : talent
aptitudine : vocație
aptitudine : propensiune
aptitudine : tragere
aptitudine : aplecăciune
aptitudine : demonstrat
aptitudine : pentru
apuca : prinde
apuca : îndrepta
apuca : merge
apuca : orienta
apuca : pleca
apuca : porni
apuca : îndruma
apuca : purcede
apuca : purta
apuca : năzui
apuca : arădui
apuca : drumul
apuca : vedea
apuca : cuprinde
apucat : dement
apucat : descreierat
apucat : nebun
apucat : smintit
apune : dispărea
apune : pieri
apune : pleca
apune : declina
apune : scădea
apune : scăpăta
apune : culca
apune : înclina
apune : scufunda
apune : spatele
apunere : asfințire
apă : colonie
apă : odicolon
apă : borviz
apă : borcut
apă : peroxid
apă : hidrogen
apăra : ocroti
apăra : păzi
apăra : proteja
apăra : prezerva
apăra : salvgarda
apăra : astăzi
apăra : scuti
apăra : oblădui
apăra : ocoli
apăra : veghea
apăra : acoperi
apăra : grecism
apăra : diafendisi
apăra : împotriva
apăra : ține
apăra : vreme
apăra : sprijini
apăraie : apărie
apăraie : lăcăraie
apăraie : lăcărie
apărare : ferire
apărare : ocrotire
apărare : păzire
apărare : protejare
apărare : salvgardare
apărare : oblăduire
apărare : țării
apărare : protecție
apărare : sprijin
apărare : apărământ
apărare : scutire
apărare : împotriva
apărare : asigurare
apărare : securitate
apărare : susținere
apărare : prezervare
apărare : prezervație
apărea : arăta
apărea : vedea
apărea : zări
apărea : italienism
apărea : spunta
apărea : săptămânile
apărea : sfeti
apărea : mijloci
apărea : înfiripa
apărea : înflori
apărea : naște
apărea : zâmbet
apărea : revela
apărea : dezveli
apărea : splendoarea
apărea : slomni
apărea : declara
apărea : publica
apărea : tipări
apărere : arăta
apărere : vedea
apărere : zări
apărere : italienism
apărere : spunta
apărere : săptămânile
apărere : sfeti
apărere : mijloci
apărere : înfiripa
apărere : înflori
apărere : naște
apărere : zâmbet
apărere : revela
apărere : dezveli
apărere : splendoarea
apărere : slomni
apărere : declara
apărere : publica
apărere : tipări
apărut : arăta
apărut : vedea
apărut : zări
apărut : italienism
apărut : spunta
apărut : săptămânile
apărut : sfeti
apărut : mijloci
apărut : înfiripa
apărut : înflori
apărut : naște
apărut : zâmbet
apărut : revela
apărut : dezveli
apărut : splendoarea
apărut : slomni
apărut : declara
apărut : publica
apărut : tipări
apărământ : ocrotire
apărământ : protecție
apărătoare : gânj
apărătoare : somnișor
apărătoare : busuioc-de-câmp
apărătoare : busuiocul-cerbilor
apărătoare : polei
apărător : ocrotitor
apărător : protector
apărător : sprijin
apărător : sprijinitor
apărător : susținător
apărător : proteguitor
apărător : protejator
apărător : părtinitor
apărător : păzitor
apărător : priitor
apărător : scutitor
apărător : reazem
apărătură : braniște
apărătură : pădure
apărătură : copacii
apărătură : numește
apăsare : greutate
apăsare : presare
apăsare : presiune
apăsare : strânsoare
apăsat : comprimat
apăsat : presat
apăsat : strâns
apăsat : îndesat
apăsător : copleșitor
apăsător : covârșitor
apăsător : împovărător
apăsător : oneros
apăsător : călcător
apăsător : ceapraz
apăsător : mașinile
apătos : puhav
apătos : toplicios
apătos : teren
aquatica : florilor
aquatica : porumb
aquatica : numește
aquatica : aquatica
aquatica : roua-cerului
aquatica : frupt
aquilegia : cinci-clopoței
aquilegia : cinci-coade
aquilegifolium : aquilegifolium
aquilegifolium : clocoței
aquilegifolium : mărgea
aquilegifolium : voltinel
ar : scurma
ara : scurma
arab : arabic
arab : arăbesc
arab : arăpesc
arab : mediu
arab : apusul
arab : sarazin
araba : arabic
araba : arăbesc
araba : arăpesc
araba : mediu
araba : apusul
araba : sarazin
arabi : arabic
arabi : arăbesc
arabi : arăpesc
arabi : mediu
arabi : apusul
arabi : sarazin
arabil : cultivabil
arabil : arător
arabis : bărbușoară-de-munte
arabis : tunicea
arabă : arabic
arabă : arăbesc
arabă : arăpesc
arabă : mediu
arabă : apusul
arabă : sarazin
arac : pocie
araneus : șoarece
aranja : așeza
aranja : clasa
aranja : clasifica
aranja : dispune
aranja : distribui
aranja : grupa
aranja : tocmi
aranja : ordona
aranja : organiza
aranja : rândui
aranja : potrivi
aranja : repartiza
aranja : sistematiza
aranja : chiti
aranja : drege
aranja : trebuie
aranja : elementele
aranja : pregăti
aranja : îndrepta
aranja : netezi
aranja : ticlui
aranja : brodi
aranja : astfel
aranja : lucrurile
aranjare : așezare
aranjare : clasare
aranjare : clasificare
aranjare : distribuire
aranjare : împărțire
aranjare : ordonare
aranjare : repartizare
aranjare : rânduire
aranjare : sistematizare
aranjare : elementelor
aranjare : pregătire
aranjare : facere
aranjat : clasat
aranjat : ordonat
aranjat : organizat
aranjat : rânduit
aranjat : sistematizat
aranjat : documentar
aranjat : pregătit
arat : arare
arat : plugărie
arat : plugărit
arat : plugărire
arbitrar : întâmplător
arbitrar : alegere
arbitrare : întâmplător
arbitrare : alegere
arbitru : grecism
arbitru : eretocrit
arbitru : într-un
arbiu : vergea
arbiu : țeava
arbiu : nordul
arbiu : puștoc
arbora : ridica
arbora : steagul
arbora : patriei
arborare : ridica
arborare : steagul
arborare : patriei
arborat : ridica
arborat : steagul
arborat : patriei
arbore : copac
arbore : arbore
arbore : cacao
arbore : cacaotier
arbore : cafea
arbore : cafeu
arbore : tămâie
arbore : cotit
arbore : vilbrochen
arborea : broatec
arborea : brotac
arborea : buratic
arborea : verde
arborea : brotan
arborea : racamete
arborea : răcănel
arborescens : galben
arbori : copac
arbori : arbore
arbori : cacao
arbori : cacaotier
arbori : cafea
arbori : cafeu
arbori : tămâie
arbori : cotit
arbori : vilbrochen
arbust : copăcel
arc : resort
arc : voltaic
arcadă : sclip
arcan : secret
arcan : ștreang
arcane : secret
arcane : ștreang
arcanul : secret
arcanul : ștreang
arcare : fundament
arcare : fundație
arcare : ocrotitor
arcare : protector
arcare : sprijin
arcare : sprijinitor
arcare : susținător
arcas : săgetător
arcas : săgetar
arcas : armata
arcat : boltit
arcat : curbat
arcat : încovoiat
arcaș : săgetător
arcaș : săgetar
arcaș : armata
archangelica : angelica
arcos : curbat
arctic : nordic
arctic : astăzi
arctic : boreal
arctic : septentrional
arctomys : bursuc
arcui : bolti
arcuit : boltit
arcuit : curbat
arcuit : arcat
ard : dogori
ard : frige
ard : pârjoli
ard : pripi
ard : păli
ard : prigori
ard : mistui
arda : dogori
arda : frige
arda : pârjoli
arda : pripi
arda : păli
arda : prigori
arda : mistui
arde : dogori
arde : frige
arde : pârjoli
arde : pripi
arde : păli
arde : prigori
arde : mistui
ardei : piper
ardent : entuziasmat
ardent : entuziast
ardent : fervent
ardent : focos
ardent : înflăcărat
ardent : înfocat
ardent : însuflețit
ardență : avânt
ardență : entuziasm
ardență : înflăcărare
ardență : înfocare
ardență : însuflețire
ardență : pasiune
ardere : cremațiune
ardere : combustie
ardoare : nepreget
ardoare : nepregetare
ardoare : osârdie
ardoare : osârdnicie
ardoare : osârduire
ardoare : protimie
ardă : dogori
ardă : frige
ardă : pârjoli
ardă : pripi
ardă : păli
ardă : prigori
ardă : mistui
are : scurma
arenda : năimi
arenda : împosesui
arenda : teren
arendare : împosesuire
arendare : teren
arendat : năimit
arendat : agricol
arendaș : arendar
arendaș : orândator
arendaș : orândar
arendaș : posesor
arendă : ieșit
arendă : posesiune
arendă : simbrie
arendă : moșia
arendășie : arendășit
arendășie : ocupa
arendășit : arendășie
arendășiță : nevasta
aresta : deține
aresta : închide
aresta : reține
aresta : arestălui
aresta : arestui
aresta : popri
aresta : captura
aresta : prinde
aresta : ridica
arestant : deținut
arestant : întemnițat
arestare : arest
arestare : deținere
arestare : închidere
arestare : întemnițare
arestare : reținere
arestare : capturare
arestare : prindere
arestare : prins
arestare : prinsoare
arestare : prinzare
arestare : ridicare
arestat : deținut
arestat : închis
arestat : întemnițat
arestat : reținut
arestat : poprit
arestat : persoane
arestat : capturat
arestat : prins
arestat : prizonier
arestat : arestant
arestat : pensionar
arestat : recunoscut
arestui : deține
arestui : închide
arestuire : deține
arestuire : închide
arestuit : deține
arestuit : închide
arestălui : deține
arestălui : închide
arestăluire : deține
arestăluire : închide
arestăluit : deține
arestăluit : închide
areta : ponta
aretare : ponta
argat : curtean
argat : celednic
argea : război
argentea : scrintee
argentifer : argintos
argentit : acantit
argilifer : cleios
argilifer : clisos
argilo : pământ
argilo : agiag
argilos : cleios
argilos : clisos
argilos : lutos
argilos : argilifer
argilos : humos
argilos : mâlos
argilos : hleios
argilos : rășinos
argilos : tiglos
argilă : pământ
argilă : agiag
argint : colargol
arginta : argintui
arginta : obiect
argintare : spoire
argintare : spoit
argintat : argintui
argintat : obiect
arginti : franc
arginti : gologan
argintiu : argintos
argintos : argentifer
argintărie : arginturi
arginți : franc
arginți : gologan
argințică : cerențel
argiroză : argirism
argiroză : acantit
argiroză : argentit
argument : considerent
argument : raționament
argument : rezon
argument : convins
argument : motiv
argument : motivare
argument : motivație
argument : sprijinul
argument : opțiunii
argățesc : birișesc
arhaic : primitiv
arhaic : vechi
arhaic : arheian
arhaic : azoic
arhanghel : arhistratig
arheolog : anticar
arheolog : arheologie
arheolog : numește
arheologic : anticariu
arhicunoscut : banal
arhicunoscut : depășit
arhicunoscut : știut
arhicunoscut : vechi
arhicunoscut : răscunoscut
arhicunoscut : fumat
arhicunoscut : răsuflat
arhicunoscut : notoriu
arhicunoscut : proverbial
arhidiacon : protodiacon
arhiepiscopal : arhidiecezan
arhiepiscopat : arhiepiscopie
arhiepiscopat : funcția
arhiepiscopie : arhiepiscopat
arhiepiscopie : primit
arhieresc : arhipăstoresc
arhiereu : ierarh
arhiereu : arhipăstor
arhiereu : sfetitel
arhiereu : categoria
arhierie : arhipăstorie
arhitect : arhitecton
arhitect : arhitector
arhitect : maimar
arhitectonic : arhitectural
arhitectonic : arhitectonicesc
arhitectonică : arhitectural
arhitectonică : arhitectonicesc
arhitectura : arhitectonie
arhitectura : maimărie
arhitectură : arhitectonie
arhitectură : maimărie
arhitravă : epistil
arhitravă : partea
arhiva : turcism
arhivar : arhivist
arhivar : condicar
arhivă : turcism
arhondaric : arhondărie
arhondărie : arhondaric
arhondărie : dormit
aria : arman
aria : siliște
aria : țarc
aria : pentru
aria : treierat
arian : arienesc
arianism : arienie
arianism : ~ului
ariceala : arici
ariceală : arici
arici : rostogol
arid : uscat
arid : secetos
arid : secățiu
arid : secățiv
arid : teren
arid : neproductiv
arid : neroditor
arid : sterp
arid : câmpie
ariditate : uscăciune
arie : arman
arie : siliște
arie : țarc
arie : pentru
arie : treierat
arierat : întârziat
arierat : oligofren
arierate : întârziat
arierate : oligofren
ariergardă : retroguardie
arietinum : măzăriche
arimare : arimaj
arin : arinde
ariniș : ariniște
ariniș : printr-un
aripa : cruce
aripa : răscruce
aripa : roata
aripa : morii
aripa : cumpene
aripa : răscruci
aripa : speteze
aripa : războiul
aripa : ferestre
aripa : sfârcuri
aripa : fundul
aripat : înaripat
aripă : cruce
aripă : răscruce
aripă : roata
aripă : morii
aripă : cumpene
aripă : răscruci
aripă : speteze
aripă : războiul
aripă : ferestre
aripă : sfârcuri
aripă : fundul
aristolochia : clematitis
aristolochia : lepădătoare
aristolochia : fasolea-cioarei
aristolochia : lingura-frumoaselor
aristolochia : lingura-popii
aristolochia : mărul-lupului
aritmetică : comput
ariște : închisoare
ariște : penitenciar
ariște : pușcărie
armade : oaste
armade : oștire
armade : putere
armadă : oaste
armadă : oștire
armadă : putere
armament : muniție
armat : militar
armată : oaste
armată : oștire
armată : putere
armată : trupe
armată : șirag
armată : armie
armată : ordie
armată : ostășime
armată : oștime
armată : tărie
armată : sabie
armată : cucerit
armată : militărie
armată : ostășie
armată : miliție
armată : cătănie
armată : voinicie
armată : stagiu
armată : serviciu
armată : militar
armată : oștenie
armată : soldăție
armaș : vizir
armaș : arșic
armaș : jocul
armenesc : armean
armeniaca : măgdălan
armeniaca : tenghere
armeniaca : nordul
armeniaca : tinghirel
armie : oaste
armie : oștire
armie : putere
armillaria : opintici
armillaria : popinci
armonia : acord
armonia : împăciuire
armonia : înțelegere
armonia : unire
armonia : concert
armonia : concordie
armonia : domnea
armonia : între
armonia : echilibru
armonia : potrivire
armonia : proporție
armonia : proporționalitate
armonia : simetrie
armonia : simfonie
armonia : elementelor
armonia : melodie
armonia : muzicalitate
armonia : sonoritate
armonia : armonie
armonia : sinarmonie
armonia : sinarmonism
armonic : sinusoidal
armonica : sinusoidal
armonie : acord
armonie : împăciuire
armonie : înțelegere
armonie : unire
armonie : concert
armonie : concordie
armonie : domnea
armonie : între
armonie : echilibru
armonie : potrivire
armonie : proporție
armonie : proporționalitate
armonie : simetrie
armonie : simfonie
armonie : elementelor
armonie : melodie
armonie : muzicalitate
armonie : sonoritate
armonie : armonie
armonie : sinarmonie
armonie : sinarmonism
armonios : concordant
armonios : echilibrat
armonios : proporționat
armonios : regulat
armonios : simetric
armonios : ansamblu
armonios : potrivit
armonios : melodic
armonios : melodios
armonios : muzical
armonios : sonor
armonios : unduios
armonios : unduit
armonios : dulce
armonios : mlădios
armonios : simfonic
armonios : ~oasa
armoracia : usturoi
armoracia : tormac
armurar : amărea
armurare : cărbune
armurare : dalac
armurariță : cărbune
armurariță : dalac
armurier : sinețar
armurier : tufecciu
armurier : vinde
armăsar : armig
armături : blazon
arnica : podbal-de-munte
arnica : carul-pădurilor
arnica : carul-zânelor
arnica : țâța-oii
arnici : podbal-de-munte
arnici : carul-pădurilor
arnici : carul-zânelor
arnici : țâța-oii
arnică : podbal-de-munte
arnică : carul-pădurilor
arnică : carul-zânelor
arnică : țâța-oii
arnăut : nefer
arnăut : garda
aromaticum : aromaticum
aromaticum : borșer
aromaticum : crastavan
aromaticum : laba-gâștii
aromi : adormi
aromi : amăgi
aromi : atrage
aromi : ațipi
aromi : dormita
aromi : ispiti
aromi : încânta
aromi : înșela
aromi : păcăli
aromi : picoti
aromi : piroti
aromi : rosti
aromi : purta
aromi : seduce
aromi : tenta
aromire : adormi
aromire : amăgi
aromire : atrage
aromire : ațipi
aromire : dormita
aromire : ispiti
aromire : încânta
aromire : înșela
aromire : păcăli
aromire : picoti
aromire : piroti
aromire : rosti
aromire : purta
aromire : seduce
aromire : tenta
aromit : adormi
aromit : amăgi
aromit : atrage
aromit : ațipi
aromit : dormita
aromit : ispiti
aromit : încânta
aromit : înșela
aromit : păcăli
aromit : picoti
aromit : piroti
aromit : rosti
aromit : purta
aromit : seduce
aromit : tenta
aromân : macedonean
aromân : sudul
aromânesc : macedonean
aromână : macedonean
aromână : sudul
arpacaș : orzișor
arpagic : orceag
arpagic : puiac
arpagic : nord-vestul
arsen : arsenic
arsen : trioxid
arsenal : spătărie
arsenic : arsen
arsenic : trioxid
arsenic : săricica
arsfenamină : salvarsan
arsfenamină : ehrlich
arsfenamină : folosește
arsfenamină : tratamentul
arsoare : călduri
arsoare : dogoare
arsoare : năduf
arsoare : pârjol
arsoare : pojar
arsoare : zăduf
arsura : usturime
arsura : jigăraie
arsura : scrum
arsura : fundul
arsura : jariște
arsura : pârjol
arsura : pădure
arsura : numește
arsură : usturime
arsură : jigăraie
arsură : scrum
arsură : fundul
arsură : jariște
arsură : pârjol
arsură : pădure
arsură : numește
arsătură : jariște
arta : abstracționism
arta : belearte
artemisia : mălin
artezian : țâșnitoare
artezian : havuz
artezian : șadârvan
artezian : săltătoare
artezian : săritoare
articol : paragraf
articol : punct
articula : încheia
articulat : încheia
articulație : armonie
articulație : balamale
articulație : articulație
artificial : contrafăcut
artificial : imitat
artificial : prețioase
artificial : pietre
artificial : afectat
artificial : căutat
artificial : forțat
artificial : nefiresc
artificial : nenatural
artificial : nesincer
artificial : prefăcut
artificial : silit
artificial : silnic
artificial : studiat
artificial : teatral
artificial : teatralist
artificial : atitudine
artificială : contrafăcut
artificială : imitat
artificială : prețioase
artificială : pietre
artificială : afectat
artificială : căutat
artificială : forțat
artificială : nefiresc
artificială : nenatural
artificială : nesincer
artificială : prefăcut
artificială : silit
artificială : silnic
artificială : studiat
artificială : teatral
artificială : teatralist
artificială : atitudine
artilerie : pușcărie
artilerie : armata
artiodactil : paricopitat
artistic : literar
artistic : iscusit
artistic : măiestrit
artistic : meșteșugit
artistic : măiestru
artistic : broderie
artrologie : sindesmologic
artropod : articulate
artut : deștept
artut : dibaci
artut : inteligent
artut : iscusit
artut : îndemânatic
artă : abstracționism
artă : belearte
arunc : zvârli
arunc : lepăda
arunc : țipa
arunc : scutura
arunc : lucru
arunc : azvârli
arunc : mătura
arunc : toate
arunc : paharele
arunc : lansa
arunc : trage
arunc : slobozi
arunc : hăti
arunca : zvârli
arunca : lepăda
arunca : țipa
arunca : scutura
arunca : lucru
arunca : azvârli
arunca : mătura
arunca : toate
arunca : paharele
arunca : lansa
arunca : trage
arunca : slobozi
arunca : hăti
aruncare : zvârlire
aruncare : lepădare
aruncare : sticle
aruncare : azvârlire
aruncare : lansare
aruncare : tragere
aruncat : zvârli
aruncat : lepăda
aruncat : țipa
aruncat : scutura
aruncat : lucru
aruncat : azvârli
aruncat : mătura
aruncat : toate
aruncat : paharele
aruncat : lansa
aruncat : trage
aruncat : slobozi
aruncat : hăti
aruncătură : zvârlet
aruncătură : calului
arvalis : șoarece-de-câmp
arvalis : popândoc
arvalis : popânzac
arvalis : popânzoi
arvalis : șoarece-de-mare
arvalis : pește-jidovesc
arvat : croat
arvense : măsea
arvense : pipirig
arvensis : servit
arvensis : drept
arvensis : hrana-vacii
arz : dogori
arz : frige
arz : pârjoli
arz : pripi
arz : păli
arz : prigori
arz : mistui
arând : scurma
ară : scurma
arăbește : arăpește
arăduce : apropia
arăduce : asemăna
arăduce : asemui
arăduce : imagina
arăduce : închipui
arăduce : reprezenta
arăducere : apropia
arăducere : asemăna
arăducere : asemui
arăducere : imagina
arăducere : închipui
arăducere : reprezenta
arădui : începe
arădui : îndrepta
arădui : merge
arădui : orienta
arădui : pleca
arăduire : începe
arăduire : îndrepta
arăduire : merge
arăduire : orienta
arăduire : pleca
arăpească : arabic
arăpesc : arabic
arăriel : otrățel
arăriel : limba-câinelui
arăriel : plescaiță-roșie
arăta : indica
arăta : spune
arăta : preciza
arăta : semna
arăta : premite
arăta : grecism
arăta : prohdeorisi
arăta : scrie
arăta : susține
arăta : articol
arăta : desemna
arăta : semnala
arăta : manifesta
arăta : afirma
arăta : exprima
arăta : apărea
arăta : sfeti
arăta : atunci
arăta : slomni
arătanie : arătare
arătanie : monstru
arătanie : nălucire
arătanie : năzărire
arătanie : pocitanie
arătanie : spectru
arătanie : spirit
arătanie : stafie
arătanie : strigoi
arătanie : vedenie
arătare : dezvăluire
arătare : revelare
arătare : concr
arătare : colos
arătare : măgăoaie
arătare : nămetenie
arătare : bahahuie
arătare : sodom
arătare : toate
arătat : indica
arătat : spune
arătat : preciza
arătat : semna
arătat : premite
arătat : grecism
arătat : prohdeorisi
arătat : scrie
arătat : susține
arătat : articol
arătat : desemna
arătat : semnala
arătat : manifesta
arătat : afirma
arătat : exprima
arătat : apărea
arătat : sfeti
arătat : atunci
arătat : slomni
arătos : frumos
arătos : aspectuos
arătos : falnic
arătos : impozant
arătos : mândru
arătură : arare
arătură : plugărie
arătură : plugărit
arătură : plugărire
arătură : ieșit
arătură : concr
arătură : răzor
arătură : terenul
arăvonisi : arvuni
arăvonisire : arvuni
arăvonisit : arvuni
arățel : otrățel
arățel : limba-mielului
arșic : capre
arșic : gioale
arșinic : scaunul-popii
arțag : încăierare
arțag : între
arțag : armate
arțar : platan
arțăgaș : gâlcevitor
as : birlic
as : jocul
as : maestru
as : adevărat
as : domeniul
asalt : năvălire
asalt : șturm
asalt : dezlănțuit
asalt : împotriva
asalta : ataca
asalta : reduta
asaltare : ataca
asaltare : reduta
asaltat : ataca
asaltat : reduta
asambla : îmbina
asambla : împreuna
asambla : monta
asambla : reuni
asambla : componente
asamblare : asamblaj
asamblare : fixare
asamblare : îmbinare
asamblare : împreunare
asamblare : montaj
asamblare : montare
asamblare : unire
asamblare : elementelor
asamblat : îmbina
asamblat : împreuna
asamblat : monta
asamblat : reuni
asamblat : componente
asana : deseca
asana : aseca
asana : scurge
asana : toate
asana : mlaștinile
asanare : secare
asanare : asecare
asanare : terenuri
asanat : secat
asanat : mlăștinoase
asarum : piperul-lupului
asarum : ficățea
asarum : trierei
asarum : tulipin
asarum : buba-inimii
asarum : buruiana-frigurilor
asarum : buruiană-de-atac
asarum : dafin-mic
asarum : lingura-frumoaselor
asarum : lingura-popii
asarum : viorele
asarum : crucea-voinicului
asarum : floarea-paștilor
asarum : iarba-fiarelor
asarum : trei-crai
asarum : trei-răi-boieresc
ascaris : ascarid
ascendent : suitor
ascendent : urcător
ascendenți : suitor
ascendenți : urcător
ascensiune : înălțare
ascensiune : ridicare
ascensiune : suire
ascensiune : urcare
ascetic : sihăstresc
ascetic : pustnicesc
ascetic : schimnic
ascetic : schimnicesc
ascetic : sihăstricesc
ascetic : sihăstrește
ascetic : pustnicește
ascetic : schimnicește
ascetică : sihăstresc
ascetică : pustnicesc
ascetică : schimnic
ascetică : schimnicesc
ascetică : sihăstricesc
ascetică : sihăstrește
ascetică : pustnicește
ascetică : schimnicește
asceză : ascetism
asceză : pustnicie
asceză : schimnicie
asceză : sihăstrie
asceză : schimnicit
aschitac : ascet
aschitac : eremit
aschitac : pustnic
aschitac : schimnic
aschitean : ascet
aschitean : eremit
aschitean : pustnic
aschitean : schimnic
asculta : audia
asculta : urmări
asculta : atenție
asculta : chestiona
asculta : examina
asculta : interoga
asculta : întreba
asculta : prociti
asculta : ausculta
asculta : înțelege
asculta : cuvânt
ascultare : audiere
ascultare : chestionare
ascultare : examinare
ascultare : interogare
ascultare : procitanie
ascultare : cumințenie
ascultare : docilitate
ascultare : supunere
ascultare : cuminție
ascultare : sumisiune
ascultare : supușenie
ascultare : ascultământ
ascultare : plecăciune
ascultare : subordinație
ascultare : dovedit
ascultat : audia
ascultat : urmări
ascultat : atenție
ascultat : chestiona
ascultat : examina
ascultat : interoga
ascultat : întreba
ascultat : prociti
ascultat : ausculta
ascultat : înțelege
ascultat : cuvânt
ascultoi : cuminte
ascultoi : docil
ascultoi : plecat
ascultământ : cumințene
ascultământ : docilitate
ascultătoare : cuminte
ascultătoare : docil
ascultătoare : plecat
ascultătoare : supus
ascultătoare : obedient
ascultătoare : ascultoi
ascultătoare : auditor
ascultătoare : auzitor
ascultător : cuminte
ascultător : docil
ascultător : plecat
ascultător : supus
ascultător : obedient
ascultător : ascultoi
ascultător : auditor
ascultător : auzitor
ascunde : mistui
ascunde : tăinui
ascunde : pitula
ascunde : scuti
ascunde : supune
ascunde : băga
ascunde : imediat
ascunde : acoperi
ascunde : masca
ascunde : voala
ascunde : lumina
ascunde : disimula
ascunde : camufla
ascunde : deghiza
ascunde : tăgădui
ascunde : retăcea
ascundere : ascuns
ascundere : dosire
ascundere : pitire
ascundere : pitulare
ascundere : băgare
ascundere : cuiva
ascundere : mascare
ascundere : voalare
ascundere : luminii
ascundere : tăinuire
ascuns : dosit
ascuns : pitit
ascuns : pitulat
ascuns : supus
ascuns : lucru
ascuns : secret
ascuns : tăinuit
ascuns : criptic
ascuns : enigmatic
ascuns : misterios
ascuns : ocult
ascuns : tainic
ascuns : sibilic
ascuns : sibilin
ascuns : sibilinic
ascuns : misteric
ascuns : tăinos
ascuns : nepătruns
ascuns : neexploatat
ascuns : nefolosit
ascuns : nefructificat
ascuns : nevalorificat
ascuns : reținut
ascuns : mocnit
ascuns : dușmănie
ascunsele : dosit
ascunsele : pitit
ascunsele : pitulat
ascunsele : supus
ascunsele : lucru
ascunsele : secret
ascunsele : tăinuit
ascunsele : criptic
ascunsele : enigmatic
ascunsele : misterios
ascunsele : ocult
ascunsele : tainic
ascunsele : sibilic
ascunsele : sibilin
ascunsele : sibilinic
ascunsele : misteric
ascunsele : tăinos
ascunsele : nepătruns
ascunsele : neexploatat
ascunsele : nefolosit
ascunsele : nefructificat
ascunsele : nevalorificat
ascunsele : reținut
ascunsele : mocnit
ascunsele : dușmănie
ascunzătoare : cotlon
ascunzătoare : ascuns
ascunzătoare : ascunsoare
ascunzătoare : găsit
ascuți : trage
ascuți : coasa
ascuțime : agerime
ascuțime : clarviziune
ascuțime : pătrundere
ascuțime : perspicacitate
ascuțire : trage
ascuțire : coasa
ascuțit : tăios
ascuțit : tăietor
ascuțit : sâmcelat
ascuțit : sâmcelos
ascuțit : înțepător
ascuțit : țuguiat
ascuțit : vârfuit
ascuțit : culme
ascuțit : adânc
ascuțit : intens
ascuțit : pătrunzător
ascuțit : profund
ascuțit : puternic
ascuțit : violent
ascuțit : durere
aseca : deseca
asecare : desecare
asecat : deseca
asedia : împresura
asedia : încercui
asedia : înconjura
asedia : ocoli
asedia : închide
asedia : înveriga
asedia : cetatea
asediat : împresura
asediat : încercui
asediat : înconjura
asediat : ocoli
asediat : închide
asediat : înveriga
asediat : cetatea
asediu : asediere
asediu : împresurare
asediu : încercuire
asediu : înconjurare
asediu : grecism
asediu : poliorchie
aseleniza : aluniza
aselenizare : alunizare
aselghicesc : decăzut
aselghicesc : depravat
aselghicesc : desfrânat
aselghicesc : destrăbălat
aselghicesc : dezmățat
aselghicesc : imoral
aselghicesc : nerușinat
aselghicesc : pervertit
aselghicesc : stricat
aselghiciune : decădere
aselghiciune : depravare
aselghiciune : desfrânare
aselghiciune : destrăbălare
aselghiciune : imoralitate
aselghiciune : perdiție
aselghiciune : perversitate
aselghiciune : perversiune
aselghiciune : pervertire
aselghiciune : pierzanie
aselghiciune : pierzare
aselghiciune : stricăciune
aselghie : decădere
aselghie : depravare
aselghie : desfrânare
aselghie : destrăbălare
aselghie : imoralitate
aselghie : perdiție
aselghie : perversitate
aselghie : perversiune
aselghie : pervertire
aselghie : pierzanie
aselghie : pierzare
aselghie : stricăciune
asemenea : invar
asemenea : astfel
asemenea : atare
asemălui : asemăna
asemălui : asemui
asemălui : compara
asemălui : netezi
asemăluire : asemăna
asemăluire : asemui
asemăluire : compara
asemăluire : netezi
asemăluit : asemăna
asemăluit : asemui
asemăluit : compara
asemăluit : netezi
asemănare : similitudine
asemănat : apropiat
asemănat : asemănător
asemănat : asemenea
asemănat : corespondent
asemănat : înrudit
asemănător : analog
asemănător : apropiat
asemănător : asemenea
asemănător : corespondent
asemănător : înrudit
asemănător : similar
asemănător : asemănat
asemănător : podobnic
asemănător : semănător
asemănător : elemente
asenta : înrola
asentare : înrola
asentat : înrola
aseptizare : dezinfecție
aservire : robie
aservire : sclavaj
aservire : sclavie
aserțiune : cuvânt
aserțiune : declarație
aserțiune : mărturisire
aserțiune : relatare
asfixia : îneca
asfixia : sufoca
asfixia : sugruma
asfixia : împresura
asfixiant : înăbușitor
asfixiant : înecăcios
asfixiant : sufocant
asfixiant : înecător
asfixiant : nădușitor
asfixiat : înăbușit
asfixiat : înecat
asfixiat : sufocat
asfixiat : nădușit
asfixie : asfixiere
asfixie : înăbușire
asfixie : înecare
asfixie : sufocare
asfixie : sufocație
asfixie : sugrumare
asfixie : înecăciune
asi : birlic
asi : jocul
asi : maestru
asi : adevărat
asi : domeniul
asibilare : asibilație
asignat : bilet
asignat : hârtie
asignație : bilet
asignație : hârtie
asigura : siguripsi
asigura : împotriva
asigura : adeveri
asigura : încrede
asigura : sigura
asigura : cineva
asigurare : siguripsire
asigurare : plătit
asigurare : încredințare
asigurare : primit
asigurat : siguripsi
asigurat : împotriva
asigurat : adeveri
asigurat : încrede
asigurat : sigura
asigurat : cineva
asigurator : siguripsitor
asigurător : siguripsitor
asimetric : disimetric
asimetric : nesimetric
asimetrie : disimetrie
asimetrie : elemente
asimila : dobândi
asimilare : asimilație
asimilare : însușire
asimilare : învățare
asimilat : dobândi
asimilație : asimilare
asimilație : anabolism
asimilație : asimilație
asincron : asincronic
asincronic : asincron
asinus : urecheat
asista : participa
asista : ajuta
asista : secunda
asistare : participa
asistare : ajuta
asistare : secunda
asistat : participa
asistat : ajuta
asistat : secunda
asistent : participant
asistent : ajutor
asistent : secundant
asistent : secundator
asistent : servit
asistență : ascultători
asistență : auditoriu
asistență : public
asmuți : hărțui
asmuți : întărâta
asmuți : provoca
asmuți : stârni
asmuți : hărăti
asmuțire : ațâțare
asmuțire : întărâtare
asmuțire : provocare
asmuțire : stârnire
asmuțire : zădărâre
asmuțit : întărâtat
asmuțit : stârnit
asocia : grupa
asocia : prinde
asocia : ortăci
asocia : însâmbra
asocia : intra
asocia : înlănțui
asocia : între
asociat : ortac
asociat : prieten
asociație : concr
asociație : societate
asociație : reuniune
asociație : legal
asociere : asociație
asociere : întovărășire
asociere : tovărășie
asociere : soție
asociere : ortăcie
asociere : simbrie
asociere : soțiire
asociere : între
asorta : armoniza
asorta : combina
asorta : merge
asorta : potrivi
asortare : armonizare
asortare : combinare
asortare : potrivire
asortat : armoniza
asortat : combina
asortat : merge
asortat : potrivi
asparagus : iepurel
asparagus : coasta-dracului
asparagus : coasta-vrăjmașului
asparagus : ragila-pământului
asparagus : umbra-cucului
asparagus : umbra-iepurelui
aspect : fason
aspect : înfățișare
aspect : imagine
aspect : priveliște
aspect : privire
aspect : vesel
asperitate : asprime
asperitate : rugozitate
aspersiune : ploaie
aspersor : dispersor
aspersor : etalier
asperula : sânziene-de-pădure
asperula : mama-pădurii
aspid : ostil
aspira : jindui
aspira : năzui
aspira : pofti
aspira : tinde
aspira : râvni
aspira : ținti
aspira : urmări
aspira : stărui
aspira : năsli
aspira : năduli
aspira : bărăni
aspira : aținti
aspira : jelui
aspira : nădăjdui
aspirat : jindui
aspirat : năzui
aspirat : pofti
aspirat : tinde
aspirat : râvni
aspirat : ținti
aspirat : urmări
aspirat : stărui
aspirat : năsli
aspirat : năduli
aspirat : bărăni
aspirat : aținti
aspirat : jelui
aspirat : nădăjdui
aspirație : pornire
aspirație : năzuire
aspirație : râvnire
aspirație : năslire
aspirină : acetilsalicilic
asplenium : spinarea-lupului
asprime : greutate
aspru : auster
aspru : dificil
aspru : sever
astacus : stacoj
astacus : cancer
asteatoză : xeroftalmie
astenic : slăbicios
aster : scânteie
aster : brumărea
aster : ceapa-ciorii
aster : cătare
aster : săpunele
aster : vinețele
aster : salbă-moale
asteri : scânteie
asteri : brumărea
asteri : ceapa-ciorii
asteri : cătare
asteri : săpunele
asteri : vinețele
asteri : salbă-moale
asterisc : poate
asterisc : trimite
asterisc : josul
asteroid : planetoid
asteroid : ochiul
asteroidea : căzătoare
asteroidea : meteor
asteroidea : arătare
asteroidea : foarte
asteroidea : bolid
asteroidea : steaua
asteroidea : ciobanului
asteroidea : împăratul
asteroidea : steajerul
asteroidea : stâlpul
asteroidea : candela-cerului
asteroidea : stea-de-mare
asteroidea : asterie
asteroidea : culori
asteroidea : frunte
astfel : așadar
astfel : invar
astigmatism : aberație
astmatic : șuios
astmă : înecăciune
astmă : năduf
astmă : suspin
astmă : stenahorie
astmă : stenos
astragal : talus
astral : sideral
astral : solar
astral : universul
astrantia : măcrișul
astrantia : calului
astrantia : urzica-raței
astrantia : brustan
astrantia : dragavei
astrantia : dragomir
astrantia : crestățea
astrantia : limba-boului
astrantia : sanguineus
astrantia : pratensis
astrantia : iurpăsătoare
astrantia : cinstea-câmpului
astrantia : faptul-mare
astringent : stifos
astringent : strângător
astrolog : filozof
astrolog : zodier
astrolog : matematic
astrolog : pretindea
astrolog : prevedea
astrolog : destinul
astrolog : omului
astrolog : poziția
astrologic : astrologhicesc
astronaut : cosmonaut
astronom : astrolog
astronom : solomonar
astronomic : astronomicesc
astru : ceresc
astruca : înfășura
astruca : îngropa
astruca : înhuma
astruca : înmormânta
astrucare : îngropat
astrucare : înhumare
astrucat : înfășura
astrucat : îngropa
astrucat : înhuma
astrucat : înmormânta
astupa : acoperi
astupa : închide
astupa : umple
astupare : acoperire
astupare : închidere
astupat : acoperit
astupat : închis
astupuș : burare
astâmpăr : liniște
astâmpăr : repaus
astâmpăr : răzbun
astâmpăr : potol
astâmpăr : stare
astâmpăr : așezare
astâmpăr : așezământ
astâmpăr : păciuire
astâmpăr : răsuflare
astâmpăr : destindere
astâmpăr : senin
astâmpăr : seninătate
asud : sudoare
asuda : aburi
asudare : aburi
asupra : local
asupra : supra
asupra : peste
asupra : către
asupra : înspre
asupra : despre
asupra : între
asupra : ațintește
asupra : privirea
asupra : contra
asupra : împotriva
asupreală : exploatare
asupreală : împilare
asupreală : năpăstuire
asupreală : opresiune
asupreală : oprimare
asupreală : persecutare
asupreală : persecuție
asupreală : prigonire
ataca : tăia
ataca : flancurile
ataca : armatei
ataca : agresa
ataca : agresiona
ataca : mânca
ataca : roade
atacare : tăia
atacare : flancurile
atacare : armatei
atacare : agresa
atacare : agresiona
atacare : mânca
atacare : roade
atacat : tebecist
ataraxic : anxiolitic
ataraxic : medicament
atare : invar
atavism : reversie
atașa : anexa
atașa : alipi
atașa : încorpora
atașa : întrupa
atașa : teritoriu
atașa : apropia
atașa : acest
atașare : anexa
atașare : alipi
atașare : încorpora
atașare : întrupa
atașare : teritoriu
atașare : apropia
atașare : acest
atașat : anexa
atașat : alipi
atașat : încorpora
atașat : întrupa
atașat : teritoriu
atașat : apropia
atașat : acest
atebrină : servește
atebrină : tratamentul
atee : necredincios
atee : liber-cugetător
atee : ateist
ateist : class="ref
atelier : lucrătoare
atelier : mihei
atelier : meserie
atelier : studio
atelier : pictorului
atemporal : acronic
atemporal : noțiune
atent : cercetător
atent : iscoditor
atent : pătrunzător
atent : scormonitor
atent : scotocitor
atent : scrutător
atent : sfredelitor
atent : străpungător
atenta : cercetător
atenta : iscoditor
atenta : pătrunzător
atenta : scormonitor
atenta : scotocitor
atenta : scrutător
atenta : sfredelitor
atenta : străpungător
atenua : calma
atenua : descrește
atenua : diminua
atenua : domoli
atenua : liniști
atenua : micșora
atenua : modera
atenua : pondera
atenua : potoli
atenua : reduce
atenua : scădea
atenua : slăbi
atenua : tempera
atenua : pacifica
atenua : îmblânzi
atenua : îndulci
atenua : înmuia
atenua : vântului
atenuant : ușurător
atenuare : calmare
atenuare : descreștere
atenuare : diminuare
atenuare : domolire
atenuare : micșorare
atenuare : potolire
atenuare : reducere
atenuare : scădere
atenuare : slăbire
atenuare : temperare
atenuare : intensității
atenuat : calmat
atenuat : diminuat
atenuat : domolit
atenuat : liniștit
atenuat : potolit
atenuat : redus
atenție : interj
atenție : păzea
atenție : șase
atenție : șest
atenții : cercetător
atenții : iscoditor
atenții : pătrunzător
atenții : scormonitor
atenții : scotocitor
atenții : scrutător
atenții : sfredelitor
atenții : străpungător
aterizare : aterizaj
ateu : necredincios
ateu : liber-cugetător
ateu : ateist
atinge : tinge
atinge : aceste
atinge : împunge
atinge : înțepa
atinge : pișca
atinge : șfichiui
atinge : somnul
atins : impresionat
atins : insultat
atins : înduioșat
atins : jignit
atins : mișcat
atins : ofensat
atins : tulburat
atitudine : comportare
atitudine : purtare
atocma : aidoma
atocma : aievea
atocma : asemenea
atocma : chiar
atocma : exact
atocma : identic
atol : recif
atol : coralier
atol : inelar
atomizor : spray
atomizor : pentru
atotputernic : omnipotent
atotputernic : puternicos
atotputernic : preaputernic
atotputernic : preaputincios
atotputernic : prepotent
atotputernicie : puternicie
atotputernicie : monarh
atotvăzător : preavăzător
atotștiutor : preavăzător
atotțiitorul : puternicul
atotțiitorul : creatorul
atotțiitorul : divinitate
atotțiitorul : domnul
atotțiitorul : dumnezeire
atotțiitorul : dumnezeu
atotțiitorul : părinte
atotțiitorul : stăpânul
atractiv : atrăgător
atractiv : plăcut
atractiv : atracțios
atractiv : spectacol
atracție : gravitate
atracție : farmec
atracție : prestigiu
atracție : miraj
atracție : plecare
atracție : aplicație
atracție : aptitudine
atracție : chemare
atracție : înclinare
atracție : înclinație
atracție : înzestrare
atracție : pornire
atracție : predilecție
atracție : predispoziție
atracție : talent
atracție : vocație
atracție : propensiune
atracție : tragere
atracție : aplecăciune
atracție : demonstrat
atracție : pentru
atracțios : atrăgător
atramentarius : buretele-calului
atramentarius : căciula-șerpelui
atrepsie : socote
atrepsie : nutriție
atribui : socoti
atribui : nedrept
atribui : distribui
atribui : repartiza
atribui : loturi
atribuit : socoti
atribuit : nedrept
atribuit : distribui
atribuit : repartiza
atribuit : loturi
atribuție : îndatorire
atriplex : știr
atriplex : piciorul-caprei
atroce : invar
atroce : crunt
atroce : cumplit
atroce : fioros
atroce : groaznic
atroce : grozav
atroce : înfiorător
atroce : înfricoșător
atroce : îngrozitor
atroce : înspăimântător
atroce : teribil
atroce : durere
atrofia : degenera
atrofiat : degenerat
atrofiat : uscat
atrofie : atrofiere
atrofie : degenerare
atrofie : degenerație
atropa : țilidonie
atropa : cireașa-lupului
atropa : doamna-codrului
atropa : doamnă-mare
atropa : floarea-codrului
atropa : iarba-codrului
atu : jocul
atârna : apuca
atârna : prinde
atârna : ține
atârna : anina
atârna : crengi
atârna : spânzura
atârna : perete
atârna : cădea
atârna : curge
atârna : depinde
atârnați : apuca
atârnați : prinde
atârnați : ține
atârnați : anina
atârnați : crengi
atârnați : spânzura
atârnați : perete
atârnați : cădea
atârnați : curge
atârnați : depinde
atât : interj
atât : grăbi
atâtica : atâtuca
atâtica : copil
atăgârța : atârna
atăgârța : prinde
atăgârța : spânzura
atăgârțare : atârna
atăgârțare : prinde
atăgârțare : spânzura
atăgârțat : atârna
atăgârțat : prinde
atăgârțat : spânzura
aucuparia : merișor
aucuparia : lemn-câinesc
aucuparia : lemn-pucios
aucuparia : pomul-ursului
audia : asculta
audia : martor
audiat : asculta
audiat : martor
audiție : sinopsie
augmenta : mări
augmenta : multiplica
augmentare : mărire
augmentare : multiplicare
augmentat : mări
augmentat : multiplica
augur : auspiciu
august : imperial
august : impunător
august : împărătesc
august : maiestos
august : preamărit
august : preaslăvit
augusta : imperial
augusta : impunător
augusta : împărătesc
augusta : maiestos
augusta : preamărit
augusta : preaslăvit
aur : petrol
aurantia : pavilionul
aurantia : urechii
aurantia : pâlnie
aurantia : urechea-babei
aurantia : lăutoare
aurantium : naramz
aurantium : oranz
aurar : zlătar
aurar : turcism
aurar : cuiungiu
aurea : înauri
aurea : întrauri
aureola : nimba
aureolare : nimba
aureolat : nimbat
aureolat : sfânt
aureolă : pictorii
aureolă : capetele
auri : înauri
auri : întrauri
auricul : atriu
auricularia : auricularia
auricularia : prescurărele
auricularia : prescurea
auricularia : iarba-ciutei
auricularia : iarba-împăratului
auricularia : iarba-tunului
auricularia : iarba-urechii
auricularia : iarbă-de-ureche
auricularia : țâța-mielului
aurire : aurit
aurire : spoire
aurire : spoit
aurire : obiect
aurit : înaurit
aurit : întraurit
auriu : aurel
auriu : aurit
auriu : auros
auroterapie : crisoterapie
auroterapie : folosește
auroterapie : afecțiunile
aurărie : aurărime
aurărie : găsit
aurărime : aurărie
aurărime : argintărie
ausculta : asculta
auscultat : asculta
auscultație : auscultare
auscultație : zgomotelor
auster : aspru
auster : sever
auster : sobru
auster : spartan
austral : meridional
austral : sudic
australis : mierea-ursului
austriaca : pelin
austriacum : inușor
austriacum : in-de-câmp
autentic : adevărat
autentic : veritabil
autentic : curat
autentic : nefalsificat
autentic : original
autentic : patent
autenticitate : valabilitate
autenticitate : validitate
autocamion : camion
autocamion : cărat
autocamion : mobila
autocamionetă : autocamion
autocaracteriza : defini
autocaracteriza : caracteriza
autocaracteriza : veridic
autocaracteriza : cartea
autocaracterizare : defini
autocaracterizare : caracteriza
autocaracterizare : veridic
autocaracterizare : cartea
autocefal : independent
autocefal : neatârnat
autocefalie : neatârnare
autocefalie : biserici
autocefalie : ortododoxe
autocefalie : române
autocefalie : celelalte
autocrat : potentat
autocrat : autocrator
autocraticesc : autocrat
autodefini : autocaracteriza
autodefinire : autocaracteriza
autodemasca : demasca
autodemasca : trăda
autodemascare : demascare
autodemascare : trădare
autodota : autoutila
autodotare : autoutila
autodubă : autocamion
autofecundare : autofecundație
autofecundare : autogamie
autoflagelație : autoflagelare
autogestiune : autogestionare
autoinducție : selfinducție
automat : automatic
automat : inconștient
automat : instinctiv
automat : mașinal
automat : mecanic
automat : reflex
automat : mașinalicește
automat : mecanicește
automulțumire : autoîncântare
autonom : liber
autonom : slobod
autonom : volnic
autonom : punct
autonom : vedere
autonomie : libertate
autonomie : autonomism
autonomie : slobozenie
autonomie : slobozie
autonomie : volnicie
autonomie : teritoriu
autonomie : cadrul
autopolenizare : cleistogamie
autopsia : necropsie
autopsia : celui
autopsie : necropsie
autopsie : celui
autor : scriitor
autor : izvoditor
autor : grecism
autor : singraf
autor : făptuitor
autor : pricinuitor
autoreglare : autoreglaj
autoritar : imperativ
autoritar : poruncitor
autoritate : organ
autoritate : superioare
autoritate : putere
autoritate : astăzi
autoritate : stăpânire
autoritate : dominare
autoritate : dominație
autoritate : hegemonie
autoritate : supremație
autoritate : puternicie
autoritate : stăpânie
autoritate : tărie
autoritate : latinism
autoritate : potestate
autoritate : întins
autoritate : ascendent
autoritate : considerație
autoritate : înrâurire
autoritate : prestigiu
autoritate : reputație
autoritate : respect
autoritate : trecere
autoritate : credit
autoriza : delega
autoriza : împuternici
autoriza : învesti
autoriza : abilita
autoriza : isprăvnici
autoriza : slobozi
autoriza : următorul
autoriza : lucru
autorizare : delega
autorizare : împuternici
autorizare : învesti
autorizare : abilita
autorizare : isprăvnici
autorizare : slobozi
autorizare : următorul
autorizare : lucru
autorizat : privilegiat
autorizat : calificat
autorizat : competent
autorizat : îndreptățit
autorizat : priceput
autorizat : franțuzism
autorizat : ponderos
autorizat : opinie
autorizație : permis
autorizație : slobozenie
autorizație : pitac
autorizație : pentru
autorizație : practicarea
autorizație : împuternicire
autorizație : permisiune
autoservire : englezism
autoservire : self-service
autosugestiona : sugestiona
autosugestionare : sugestiona
autoturism : turism
autoturism : caroseria
autozom : cromozom
autozom : somatic
autoîncântare : automulțumire
autumnalis : cocoșel
autumnalis : dediței-galbeni
autumnalis : autumnalis
auxiliar : ajutător
auxiliar : ajutor
auxiliar : sprijin
auxiliar : accesoriu
auxiliar : secundar
auxiliar : subsidiar
auxiliar : într-un
auz : ureche
auz : foarte
auz : auzire
auz : acestor
auz : vorbe
auzi : prinde
auzi : câteva
auzi : vijelie
auzi : oblici
auzi : toții
auzire : acestor
auzire : vorbe
auzit : prinde
auzit : câteva
auzit : vijelie
auzit : oblici
auzit : toții
aușel : cristatus
aușel : tartalac
aușel : aușel-de-stuf
avalanșă : pantele
avan : aspru
avan : barbar
avan : brutal
avan : câinos
avan : crâncen
avan : crunt
avan : cumplit
avan : feroce
avan : fioros
avan : inuman
avan : necruțător
avan : neiertător
avan : neîmblânzit
avan : neînduplecat
avan : neîndurat
avan : neîndurător
avan : nemilos
avan : neomenos
avan : neuman
avan : sălbatic
avan : sângeros
avanie : exploatare
avanie : împilare
avanie : năpăstuire
avanie : opresiune
avanie : oprimare
avanie : persecutare
avanie : persecuție
avanie : prigonire
avanport : anteport
avanpremieră : repetiție
avansat : înaintat
avanscenă : prosceniu
avanscenă : teatrul
avant : ardoare
avant : impetuozitate
avant : temperament
avant : suflet
avantaj : beneficiu
avantaj : câștig
avantaj : folos
avantaj : profit
avantaj : afacere
avantaj : chilipir
avantaj : favoare
avantaj : înlesnire
avantaj : privilegiu
avantaj : făcut
avantaj : unele
avantaj : binefacere
avantaj : tehnicii
avantajat : câștigat
avantajat : ieșit
avanti : lansa
avaria : deteriora
avaria : strica
avariat : deteriorat
avariat : stricat
avariat : tehnic
avarie : deteriorare
avarie : stricăciune
avarie : suferit
avariere : deteriorare
avariere : stricare
avariere : vătămare
avariere : sistem
avat : vrespere
avat : pește-lup
avat : pește-țigănesc
avat : boulean
avat : vâlcan
avat : vâlsan
avat : pește-cu-șapte-nume
avea : poseda
avea : deține
avea : purta
avea : numele
avea : nutri
avea : sentimente
avea : pentru
avea : exista
avea : găsi
avea : bucura
avea : dispune
avea : sfârșit
avedere : direct
avedere : franc
avellanarius : alunar
aventura : hazarda
aventurare : hazarda
aventurier : aventurist
aventurier : vânturător
aventurier : vântură-lume
aventurier : zvânturat
aventuros : zvânturatic
aventură : povestea
aventură : acele
avenă : pâlnie
avenă : rocile
avere : avuție
avere : bogăție
avere : mijloace
avere : situație
avere : stare
avere : bogătate
avere : prilej
avere : prindere
avere : prinsoare
avere : iosag
avere : bucate
avere : periusie
avere : parale
avere : cheag
avertisment : ieșit
avertisment : prevenire
aviator : zburător
aviculare : costrei
aviculare : porcin
aviculare : troscoțel
avid : lacom
avid : neîndestulat
avid : cupid
avid : nesătul
avid : nesăturat
avid : nesățios
avid : câștig
avid : ahtiat
avid : dorit
avid : dornic
avid : jinduit
avid : jinduitor
avid : râvnitor
avid : înfometat
avid : însetat
avid : setos
avid : senzații
avion : aeroplan
aviz : indicație
aviz : instrucțiuni
aviz : prescripție
aviz : recomandare
aviz : recomandație
aviza : aprecia
aviza : favorabil
avizare : aprecia
avizare : favorabil
avizat : capabil
avizat : competent
avizat : informat
avizat : pregătit
avlie : curte
avocat : apărător
avocat : procator
avocat : defensor
avocat : vechil
avocatură : procatorie
avocatură : procatorit
avocățesc : peior
avocățesc : cârciogăresc
avort : lepădare
avort : lepădat
avort : pierdere
avort : pierzanie
avorta : lepăda
avorta : pierde
avorta : stârpi
avorta : copili
avortare : lepăda
avortare : pierde
avortare : stârpi
avortare : copili
avorton : născut
avosetta : interj
avânt : ardoare
avânt : impetuozitate
avânt : temperament
avânt : suflet
avânta : lansa
avântare : lansa
avântat : maiestuos
ax : organ
ax : nervos
axiologie : teoria
axiologie : valorilor
axiomă : postulat
axon : neurit
axon : cilindru-ax
axon : prelungire
azeotrop : lichid
azeotropism : azeotropie
azeotropism : amestec
azil : ieșit
azil : ospiciu
azimă : pâine
azimă : împărtășania
azimă : mozaici
azlu : mazilire
azot : nitrogen
azotit : nitrit
azotit : acidului
azotos : azotat
azotos : nitros
azotură : combinație
azvârli : arunca
azvârli : repezi
azvârli : zvârli
azvârli : năpusti
azvârli : mătura
azvârli : toate
azvârli : paharele
azvârli : lansa
azvârli : trage
azvârli : slobozi
azvârli : hăti
azvârlire : aruncare
azvârlire : lansare
azvârlire : tragere
azvârlit : arunca
azvârlit : repezi
azvârlit : zvârli
azvârlit : năpusti
azvârlit : mătura
azvârlit : toate
azvârlit : paharele
azvârlit : lansa
azvârlit : trage
azvârlit : slobozi
azvârlit : hăti
aș : poseda
aș : deține
aș : purta
aș : numele
aș : nutri
aș : sentimente
aș : pentru
aș : exista
aș : găsi
aș : bucura
aș : dispune
aș : sfârșit
așa : imediat
așadar : putem
așadar : limita
așași : chiar
așași : exact
așași : imediat
așași : întocmai
așchios : țăndăros
așeza : ședea
așeza : poposi
așeza : umbra
așeza : alipui
așeza : așterne
așeza : căpătui
așeza : rostui
așeza : carte
așezare : instalare
așezare : plasare
așezare : într-un
așezare : amplasare
așezare : concr
așezare : amplasament
așezare : poziție
așezare : situare
așezare : situație
așezare : șezământ
așezare : pusăciune
așezare : pusoare
așezare : localitate
așezare : aglomerație
așezare : politie
așezare : adăpost
așezare : cămin
așezare : domiciliu
așezare : cortel
așezare : mutare
așezare : mutat
așezare : odaie
așezare : sălășluire
așezare : ședere
așezare : șezut
așezare : bârlog
așezător : sedentar
așezător : stabil
ași : birlic
ași : jocul
ași : maestru
ași : adevărat
ași : domeniul
așijderea : aidoma
așijderea : aievea
așijderea : asemenea
așijderea : chiar
așijderea : exact
așijderea : identic
așteaptă : adăsta
așteaptă : acera
așteaptă : agodi
așteaptă : zăbovi
așteaptă : puțin
așteaptă : îngădui
așteaptă : permite
așteaptă : crede
așteaptă : imagina
așteaptă : închipui
așteaptă : te-ai
aștepta : adăsta
aștepta : acera
aștepta : agodi
aștepta : zăbovi
aștepta : puțin
aștepta : îngădui
aștepta : permite
aștepta : crede
aștepta : imagina
aștepta : închipui
aștepta : te-ai
așteptare : așteptat
așteptat : prevăzut
așteptat : previzibil
așteptat : scontat
așteptat : efect
așterne : așeza
așterne : întinde
așterne : carte
așternere : așezare
așternere : întindere
așternere : punere
așternere : feței
așternut : strat
ați : poseda
ați : deține
ați : purta
ați : numele
ați : nutri
ați : sentimente
ați : pentru
ați : exista
ați : găsi
ați : bucura
ați : dispune
ați : sfârșit
aținti : pironi
aținti : ținti
aținti : țintui
aținti : sticli
aținti : stâlpi
aținti : scufunda
aținti : privirea
ațintire : pironi
ațintire : ținti
ațintire : țintui
ațintire : sticli
ațintire : stâlpi
ațintire : scufunda
ațintire : privirea
ațintit : fixat
ațintit : pironit
ațintit : țintit
ațintit : țintuit
ațintit : sticlit
ațintit : stâlpit
ațintit : rămas
ațintit : privirea
ațipi : dormita
ațipi : picoti
ațipi : piroti
ațipi : somnola
ațipi : aromi
ațipi : somnora
ațipi : ajumi
ațipi : mătăli
ațipi : picura
ațipi : pircoti
ațipi : chircoti
ațipi : clipoci
ațipi : mocota
ațipi : știulbica
ațipire : dormitare
ațipire : moțăire
ațipire : moțăit
ațipire : picotire
ațipire : pirotire
ațipire : somnie
ațipire : clipocire
ațipire : pircotit
ațipire : somnoroșie
ațipire : dulce
ațipit : dormita
ațipit : picoti
ațipit : piroti
ațipit : somnola
ațipit : aromi
ațipit : somnora
ațipit : ajumi
ațipit : mătăli
ațipit : picura
ațipit : pircoti
ațipit : chircoti
ațipit : clipoci
ațipit : mocota
ațipit : știulbica
ațâța : înviora
ațâța : scotoci
ațâța : îmboldi
ațâța : îndemna
ațâța : mușca
ațâțare : întețire
ațâțare : înviorare
