Macau : ciomag
Macau : cotor
Macau : picior
Maestra : meșter
Maestra : magistru
Maestra : maistru
Magadan : lungan
Magnezia : magneziu
Maica : madona
Maica : născătoarea
Maica : preacurata
Maica : preanevinovata
Maica : sfânta
Maica : precista
Maica : preacinstita
Maiestatea : seama
Maiestățile : seama
Maine : mânezi
Maistre : maestru
Maistre : meșter
Malaca : turmac
Mandrea : făli
Mandrea : fuduli
Mandrea : lăuda
Mandrea : copiii
Manson : mânecar
Manson : colceag
Manson : pentru
Marco : timbru
Marco : ștamp
Marco : ștempel
Marcus : bucălai
Margareta : roman
Margareta : ochiul-boului
Margareta : romaniță-mare
Margareta : salomii-galbene
Marița : serviciu
Marița : servitoare
Marmore : cărbune
Marmore : dalac
Marmore : porțelan
Maros : grandoman
Maros : infatuat
Maros : încrezut
Maros : înfumurat
Maros : îngâmfat
Maros : megaloman
Maros : mândru
Maros : orgolios
Masina : conjura
Masina : conspira
Matița : parte
Micești : micșora
Micești : descrește
Micești : reduce
Micești : scădea
Micești : scurta
Mierla : pescărel
Mino : subteran
Mino : madem
Mino : intrat
Mino : rudărie
Minta : broaștei
Mioarele : mielușea
Miorita : miorea
Miro : vătășel
Miroși : odora
Miroși : duhni
Miroși : duhli
Miroși : duhori
Miroși : adulmeca
Miroși : puncta
Miroși : mușina
Miroși : mușlui
Miroși : vetri
Miroși : adulma
Misti : sălta
Misti : pântecele
Misti : deplasa
Misti : plimba
Misti : bomboana
Misti : clătina
Mlada : lăstăret
Mlada : târșar
Mlada : trecut
Molda : albie
Molda : copaie
Molda : jgheab
Moldovenești : moldovean
Moldovenești : bogdănesc
Moldovenești : moldav
Montand : instala
Monte : gonire
Monte : împreunare
Monte : montare
Monte : sărit
Montez : instala
Murgești : însera
Murgești : întuneca
Mustea : mustui
Mustea : mujdi
Mustea : zemui
Mustea : bușni
Mustea : chifti
Mustea : smârci
Măciuca : scaiete
Mădulari : membru
Mădulari : penis
Măgura : tumul
Măguri : tumul
Mălini : sălbatic
Măria : boul-lui-dumnezeu
Măriile : boul-lui-dumnezeu
Mătăsari : garrulus
Mătăsari : pasărea-frigului
Mătăsari : pasăre-de-mătase
mac : somnișor
mac : păpăruie
mac : corniculatum
maca : bacara
maca : numele
macagiu : căile
macar : barem
macar : încai
macar : încale
macar : încaltea
macar : săvai
macar : când
macara : vârtej
macara : pentru
macara : ridicat
macaz : schimbător
macedonean : macedonesc
macedoneană : macedonesc
macera : plămădi
macera : mocni
macerare : macerație
macerat : plămădit
machaon : mâner
machaon : mănunchi
machaon : mânei
machaon : sudul
machaon : mânel
machaon : cotor
machaon : coporâie
machaon : toporâie
machaon : toporâște
machaon : cosie
machaon : așezi
machaon : coada-calului
machaon : barba-ursului
machaon : brădișor
machaon : codâie
machaon : slăbănog
machaon : barba-sasului
machaon : coada-iepei
machaon : coada-mânzului
machaon : iarbă-de-cositor
machaon : părul-porcului
machaon : perie
machaon : clopoței
machaon : coada-mielului
machaon : coada-vacii
machaon : iarbă-de-dureri
machaon : talpa-lupului
machaon : anserina
machaon : scrântitoare
machaon : scrintee
machaon : iarba-gâștelor
machaon : millefolium
machaon : prâsnel
machaon : coada-hârțului
machaon : alunele
machaon : silvestris
machaon : brăileanca
machaon : corovatic
machaon : năduf
machaon : sălvie
machaon : pădure
machaon : coada-rândunicii
macheta : izvod
machetă : izvod
machiavelic : fariseic
machiavelic : fățarnic
machiavelic : ipocrit
machiavelic : mincinos
machiavelic : perfid
machiavelic : prefăcut
machiavelic : șiret
machiavelism : falsitate
machiavelism : fățărnicie
machiavelism : ipocrizie
machiavelism : perfidie
machiavelism : prefăcătorie
machiavelism : viclenie
machiavelistic : fariseic
machiavelistic : fățarnic
machiavelistic : ipocrit
machiavelistic : mincinos
machiavelistic : perfid
machiavelistic : prefăcut
machiavelistic : șiret
machiaverlâc : falsitate
machiaverlâc : fățărnicie
machiaverlâc : ipocrizie
machiaverlâc : perfidie
machiaverlâc : prefăcătorie
machiaverlâc : viclenie
machior : grimer
machism : empiriocriticism
macroanion : macromolecular
macrocation : macromolecular
macrocefal : megalocefal
macrofag : monocit
macroprotal : embrionar
macrorrhizum : dușlag
macrorrhizum : vestul
macrorrhizum : sclidiritor
macrorrhizum : pentru
macrorrhizum : perforarea
macrorrhizum : piese
macrorrhizum : bănat
macrorrhizum : bribor
macrorrhizum : floarea-raiului
macrorrhizum : floarea-vinului
macrorrhizum : floarea-viorii
macrorrhizum : pliscul-cucoarei
macrorrhizum : talpa-gâștii
macula : mânji
macula : murdări
maculare : murdărire
maculat : mânjit
maculat : murdar
maculat : negru
maculat : nespălat
maculat : pătat
maculat : răpănos
maculat : slinos
maculata : mânjit
maculata : murdar
maculata : negru
maculata : nespălat
maculata : pătat
maculata : răpănos
maculata : slinos
maculator : caiet
maculatum : perforatum
maculatum : pojar
maculatum : drobișor
maculatum : fălcățea
maculatum : închegătoare
maculatum : șerlai
maculatum : zburătoare
maculatum : barba-lupului
maculatum : buruiană-de-năduf
maculatum : crucea-voinicului
maculatum : floare-de-năduf
maculatum : iarba-crucii
maculatum : iarba-sângelui
maculatum : iarba-spaimei
maculatum : iarba-spurcății
maculatum : osul-iepurelui
maculatum : sovârf-galben
maculatum : merișor
maculatum : trifoi-căpresc
maculatum : măselar
maculatum : lăptuca-iepurilor
maculosa : maculosa
macă : ciomag
madamă : femeie
madamă : soție
madamă : șvester
madaranță : femeie
madea : categorie
madea : chestiune
madea : cusur
madea : defect
madea : imperfecțiune
madea : impozit
madea : lucru
madea : materie
madea : nărav
madea : neajuns
madea : păcat
madea : poveste
madea : scădere
madea : slăbiciune
madea : specie
madea : subiect
madea : varietate
madea : viciu
madem : minereu
madipolon : șifon
madrepor : madreporar
maestoso : solemn
maestru : meșter
maestru : magistru
maestru : maistru
mafler : impostor
mafler : înșelător
mafler : șarlatan
magaoaie : colos
magaoaie : momâie
magaoaie : sperietoare
magazie : magazin
magazin : prăvălie
magazin : magazie
magaziner : magazier
magaziner : profesie
magazineră : magazier
magazineră : profesie
magazioner : magazier
magazioner : profesie
magherniță : șandrama
maghiar : ungar
maghiar : unguresc
maghiarime : ungurime
maghiarism : ungurism
maghiarizat : ungurenit
maghicesc : misterios
magic : cabalistic
magie : teurgie
magistri : maestru
magistru : maestru
magiun : lictar
magiun : miere
magiun : pecmez
magiun : silvoiz
magiun : mâncat
magnanim : darnic
magnanim : generos
magnanimitate : dărnicie
magnanimitate : generozitate
magnat : velit
magnat : țările
magnetic : magneticesc
magnetică : magneticesc
magnetism : magnetism
magnetism : pământesc
magnetism : terestru
magnetism : mesmerism
magnetiza : atrage
magnetiza : captiva
magnetiza : chercheli
magnetiza : cuceri
magnetiza : delecta
magnetiza : desfăta
magnetiza : fascina
magnetiza : fermeca
magnetiza : îmbăta
magnetiza : încânta
magnetiza : răpi
magnetiza : seduce
magnetiza : subjuga
magnetiza : turmenta
magnetizare : polarizare
magnetizare : magnetizație
magnetizare : magnetizare
magnetizat : atrage
magnetizat : captiva
magnetizat : chercheli
magnetizat : cuceri
magnetizat : delecta
magnetizat : desfăta
magnetizat : fascina
magnetizat : fermeca
magnetizat : îmbăta
magnetizat : încânta
magnetizat : răpi
magnetizat : seduce
magnetizat : subjuga
magnetizat : turmenta
magnetizație : intensitate
magnetizație : magnetizare
magnetodielectric : magnetoizolant
magnetofon : înregistra
magnetoizolant : magnetodielectric
magnezic : magnezian
magnezie : magneziu
magnezit : spumă-de-mare
magnezită : spumă-de-mare
magnific : falnic
magnific : fastuos
magnific : grandios
magnific : impozant
magnific : impresionant
magnific : impunător
magnific : luxos
magnific : maiestos
magnific : minunat
magnific : pompos
magnific : somptuos
magnific : splendid
magnific : strălucit
magopață : femeie
magopață : strada
magule : umerii
mahagoni : mahon
mahaleb : vișin
mahaleb : turcesc
mahaleb : antep
mahaleb : mălin
mahi : chercheli
mahi : îmbăta
mahit : băut
mahit : cherchelit
mahit : îmbătat
mahmur : indispus
mahmur : tiriachiu
mahmureală : mahmur
mahmureală : mahmurie
mahomedan : musulman
mahomedan : necredincios
mahomedan : agarean
mahomedan : busurman
mahomedan : turcism
mahomedan : muslim
mahomedan : islamic
mahomedan : mahometanicesc
mahomedan : mediu
mahomedan : apusul
mahomedan : sarazin
mahomedanism : islam
mahomedanism : islamism
mahomedanism : mahometism
mahometanicesc : mahomedan
mahometism : islamism
mahon : acaju
mai : găsesc
mai : camai
maia : pentru
maia : înăcrirea
maia : ferment
maia : închegarea
maică : madona
maică : născătoarea
maică : preacurata
maică : preanevinovata
maică : sfânta
maică : precista
maică : preacinstita
maidan : teren
maidan : viran
maidan : viranea
maidan : mingea
maiestate : seama
maiestos : grandios
maiestos : impunător
maiestos : august
maiestos : solemn
maiestos : solemnel
maiestos : noapte
maieu : tricou
maimucă : momâie
maimuți : schimonosi
maimuțire : schimonosi
maimuțit : schimonosi
maimuțoi : măimucoi
maimuțoi : maimuc
maimuțoi : masculul
maimuță : simie
maimuțăreală : maimuțărie
maimuțăreală : capriciu
maimuțăreală : fantezie
maimuțăreală : fason
maimuțăreală : pârțag
maimuțăreală : scălâmbăiere
maimuțăreală : pandalie
maimuțăreală : marghiolie
maimuțăreală : nacafa
maimuțăreală : năbădaie
maimuțăreală : schimonosire
maimuțăreală : grecism
maimuțăreală : paraxenie
maimuțăreală : marafet
maimuțăreală : dambla
maimuțări : schimonosi
maimuțări : strâmba
maimuțări : scălâmbăia
maimuțări : zgâmboi
maimuțări : afecta
maimuțări : fandosi
maimuțări : prosti
maimuțări : sclifosi
maimuțări : fasoli
maimuțări : izmeni
maimuțări : sfandosi
maimuțări : mandosi
maimuțări : marghioli
maimuțări : marafetui
maimuțărire : schimonosi
maimuțărire : strâmba
maimuțărire : scălâmbăia
maimuțărire : zgâmboi
maimuțărire : afecta
maimuțărire : fandosi
maimuțărire : prosti
maimuțărire : sclifosi
maimuțărire : fasoli
maimuțărire : izmeni
maimuțărire : sfandosi
maimuțărire : mandosi
maimuțărire : marghioli
maimuțărire : marafetui
maimuțărit : schimonosi
maimuțărit : strâmba
maimuțărit : scălâmbăia
maimuțărit : zgâmboi
maimuțărit : afecta
maimuțărit : fandosi
maimuțărit : prosti
maimuțărit : sclifosi
maimuțărit : fasoli
maimuțărit : izmeni
maimuțărit : sfandosi
maimuțărit : mandosi
maimuțărit : marghioli
maimuțărit : marafetui
maiou : tricou
maistru : maestru
maistru : meșter
majalis : mărgărit
majalis : mărgăritărel
majalis : clopoțel
majalis : suflețel
major : capital
major : considerabil
major : crucial
major : decisiv
major : esențial
major : fundamental
major : hotărâtor
major : important
major : însemnat
major : organic
major : primordial
major : profund
major : radical
major : serios
major : structural
major : substanțial
majora : crește
majora : mări
majora : ridica
majora : scumpi
majora : spori
majora : prețul
majora : prețurile
majorare : creștere
majorare : mărire
majorare : ridicare
majorare : scumpire
majorare : sporire
majorare : suire
majorare : urcare
majorat : crescut
majorat : mărit
majorat : ridicat
majorat : sporit
majorat : urcat
majus : condurul-doamnei
majus : lobidrag
majus : pinteni
majuscul : capital
majuscul : verzal
majuscul : scris
majuscul : litere
majusculă : titlu
majusculă : apărut
mal : țărm
mala : fățuitoare
malac : turmac
malad : nesănătos
malahie : masturbație
malahie : onanie
malaric : paludic
malarie : paludism
malarie : friguri
malarie : palustre
malarie : paludeene
malariologie : paludologie
malarioterapie : paludoterapie
maleabil : modelabil
maleabil : material
maledicție : imprecație
maledicțiune : imprecație
malign : periculos
malign : primejdios
malign : serios
malign : sever
malin : sălbatic
malm : jurasic
malm : superior
malonest : necinstit
malonest : necorect
malonestitate : necinste
malorosian : rutenesc
malorosienesc : rutenesc
maltrata : brusca
maltrata : brutaliza
maltrata : molesta
maltrata : maltratarisi
maltratare : bruscare
maltratare : brutalizare
maltratare : molestare
maltratarisi : brutaliza
maltratarisire : brutaliza
maltratarisit : brutaliza
maltratat : brusca
maltratat : brutaliza
maltratat : molesta
maltratat : maltratarisi
malversație : escrocherie
malversațiune : escrocherie
malț : fabricarea
mamagaia : puia-gaia
mamar : mamelar
mamelon : gurgui
mamelon : sfârc
mamifer : sugător
mamiță : colos
mamon : demon
mamon : diavol
mamon : încornoratul
mamon : naiba
mamon : necuratul
mamonic : diabolic
mamonic : diavolesc
mamonic : drăcesc
mamonic : infernal
mamonic : necurat
mamornic : proscarabaeus
mamornic : clăbuc
mamornic : morosliv
mamornic : gândac-negru
mamornic : gândac-puturos
mamut : invar
mamă : mamaie
mamă : bătrâna
mamă : pădureana
mamă : pădureanca
mamă : păduroaica
mamă : fata-pădurii
mamă : mama-codrului
mamă : mama-huciului
mamă : mama-ogașilor
mamă : surata-din-pădure
mamă : vidma-pădurii
mamă : vâlva-pădurii
mamă : personaj
mamă : mitologia
mamă : squamaria
mamă : buricul-pământului
mamă : cucuruz-de-pădure
mamă : floarea-șarpelui
mamă : iarba-șarpelui
mamă : murea-pădurilor
man : conduce
man : mânui
man : pluta
man : trăsura
man : deplasa
man : împinge
man : departe
man : frunzele
manase : conduce
manase : mânui
manase : pluta
manase : trăsura
manase : deplasa
manase : împinge
manase : departe
manase : frunzele
manc : vorbirea
manc : copiilor
manc : păpa
manc : ospăta
manc : rumega
manc : consuma
manc : repede
manc : întreaga
manc : îmbuca
manc : apucat
manc : alimenta
manc : hrăni
manc : nutri
manc : hăli
manc : roade
manc : distruge
manc : măcina
manc : săpa
manc : scobi
mandator : mandatar
mandibulă : maxilar
mandibulă : inferior
mandibulă : insecte
mandosi : fandosi
mandosi : maimuțări
mandosi : prosti
mandosire : fandosi
mandosire : maimuțări
mandosire : prosti
manechin : model
manechin : top-model
manevra : manipula
manevra : mânui
manevra : mania
manevrabil : maniabil
manevrabil : dispozitiv
manevrare : manipulare
manevrare : mânuire
manevrare : manipulație
manevrare : sistem
manevrat : manipula
manevrat : mânui
manevrat : mania
mangal : cărbune
mangaliță : mangul
mangan : manganez
mangleală : cerșetorie
mangleală : cerșit
mangleală : furat
mangleală : hoție
mangleală : milogit
mangli : milogi
manglire : milogi
manglit : milogi
manglitor : milog
mangosit : nătâng
mangosit : neghiob
mangosit : nerod
mangosit : netot
mangosit : prost
mangosit : prostănac
mangosit : stupid
mangrovă : paletuvieri
mangustă : ihneumon
mangări : franc
mangări : gologan
mani : conduce
mani : mânui
mani : pluta
mani : trăsura
mani : deplasa
mani : împinge
mani : departe
mani : frunzele
mania : manipula
maniac : tabietliu
maniat : manipula
manierat : afectat
manierat : artificial
manierat : bombastic
manierat : căutat
manierat : convențional
manierat : declamator
manierat : emfatic
manierat : făcut
manierat : grandilocvent
manierat : nefiresc
manierat : nenatural
manierat : pompos
manierat : pretențios
manierat : retoric
manierat : prețios
manierat : sunător
manierat : umflat
manierat : limbaj
maniere : manipula
manifest : declarat
manifest : deschis
manifest : evident
manifest : flagrant
manifest : incontestabil
manifest : indiscutabil
manifest : izbitor
manifest : învederat
manifest : limpede
manifest : mărturisit
manifest : neîndoielnic
manifest : neîndoios
manifest : netăgăduit
manifest : pregnant
manifest : recunoscut
manifest : vădit
manifesta : arăta
manifesta : demonstra
manifesta : dovedi
manifesta : vădi
manifesta : reale
manifesta : aptitudini
manifesta : pentru
manifesta : afirma
manifesta : exprima
manifesta : traduce
manifesta : apariția
manifestant : demonstrant
manifestare : afirmare
manifestare : arătare
manifestare : exprimare
manifestare : manifestație
manifestare : dorinței
manifestare : simptom
manifestare : ~ări
manifestat : arăta
manifestat : demonstra
manifestat : dovedi
manifestat : vădi
manifestat : reale
manifestat : aptitudini
manifestat : pentru
manifestat : afirma
manifestat : exprima
manifestat : traduce
manifestat : apariția
manifestație : demonstrație
manifestație : amploare
manifestațiune : demonstrație
manifestațiune : amploare
manin : enorm
manin : excepțional
manin : extraordinar
manin : fabulos
manin : fantastic
manin : fenomenal
manin : formidabil
manin : gigantic
manin : grozav
manin : imens
manin : infinit
manin : neauzit
manin : nebun
manin : negrăit
manin : neînchipuit
manin : nemaiauzit
manin : nemaicunoscut
manin : nemaiîntâlnit
manin : nemaipomenit
manin : nemaivăzut
manin : nesfârșit
manin : nespus
manin : teribil
manin : uimitor
manin : uluitor
manipulant : manevrant
manipulant : manevrator
manipulant : manipulator
manipulant : sistem
manipulație : manipulare
manipulațiune : manipulare
manoperă : mașinație
manoperă : mijloc
manoperă : modalitate
manoperă : posibilitate
manoperă : procedare
manoperă : procedeu
manoperă : sistem
mansardă : cucurigu
mansuet : blând
mansuet : domol
mansup : serviciu
mantel : purta
mantelă : purta
mantie : manta
manufacturier : manufacturial
manuscris : izvod
manuscris : manuscript
manuscris : veacul
mană : câștig
mană : miere
mană : nectar
mană : profit
manșon : mânecar
manșon : colceag
manșon : pentru
manșă : vânt
mapamond : pământ
mapamond : planiglob
marabu : murabit
marabut : murabit
marafet : capriciu
marafet : destoinicie
marafet : dexteritate
marafet : dibăcie
marafet : fantezie
marafet : fason
marafet : ingeniozitate
marafet : isteție
marafet : istețime
marafet : îndeletnicire
marafet : îndemânare
marafet : mașinație
marafet : meserie
marafet : ocupație
marafet : pricepere
marafet : profesiune
marafet : subterfugiu
marafet : șiretenie
marafet : șiretlic
marafet : șmecherie
marafet : talent
marafet : tertip
marafet : uneltire
marafet : viclenie
marafetui : fandosi
marafetui : maimuțări
marafetui : prosti
marafetuire : fandosi
marafetuire : maimuțări
marafetuire : prosti
maramureșean : moroșan
maramureșean : moroșenesc
maramă : șervet
maramă : pinten
marangoz : marangoci
marangoz : numește
marasm : depresiune
marasm : deprimare
marasm : descurajare
marasm : epuizare
marasm : extenuare
marasm : istovire
marasm : secătuire
marasm : slăbiciune
marasm : sleire
marasm : surmenaj
marasm : surmenare
marasmius : bureciori
marasmius : bureți-de-pajiște
marasmius : mănunchi
marasmius : mâner
marasmius : picior
marasmius : coporâia
marasmius : vârtej
maraz : gelozie
maraz : invidie
maraz : necaz
maraz : pornire
marca : însemna
marca : arăta
marca : indica
marca : preciza
marca : ilustra
marca : reprezenta
marca : semnifica
marca : roman
marca : înscrie
marca : puncta
marcaj : marcare
marcant : important
marcant : însemnat
marcant : remarcabil
marcant : proeminent
marcant : personalitate
marcare : înscriere
marcator : marcher
marcator : produse
marchitan : bocceagiu
marchitan : coropcar
marchitan : marfagiu
marchiz : margraf
marchiz : marchion
marchiz : înnobilat
marchizat : margraviat
marcoavă : femeie
marcotaj : marcotare
marcotaj : viței
marcotare : marcotaj
marcă : timbru
marcă : ștamp
marcă : ștempel
mardei : franc
mardei : gologan
mardeiaș : ciomăgar
mare : genune
mare : noian
mare : scufundat
mare : călătorit
mare : pietre
mare : câmp
marecuvânta : răsti
marecuvânta : striga
marecuvânta : țipa
marecuvântare : răsti
marecuvântare : striga
marecuvântare : țipa
maree : palirie
maregraf : mareometru
maregraf : variațiile
maregraf : nivelului
maregraf : apelor
marfă : produs
marfă : metah
marfă : negustorie
marfă : product
marfă : vândut
marfă : articol
margaretă : roman
margaretă : ochiul-boului
margaretă : romaniță-mare
margaretă : salomii-galbene
margarină : artificial
margarit : boul-lui-dumnezeu
margarit : mărgăritar
margarit : mărgăritărel
margarit : vaca-domnului
margarita : boul-domnului
margarita : boul-lui-dumnezeu
marghilă : mușuroi
marghilă : înierbat
marghioală : arătos
marghioală : deștept
marghioală : dibaci
marghioală : frumos
marghioală : inteligent
marghioală : iscusit
marghioală : îndemânatic
marghioală : priceput
marghioală : șiret
marghioală : șmecher
marghiol : arătos
marghiol : deștept
marghiol : dibaci
marghiol : frumos
marghiol : inteligent
marghiol : iscusit
marghiol : îndemânatic
marghiol : priceput
marghiol : șiret
marghiol : șmecher
marghioleală : fantezie
marghioleală : fason
marghioli : chinui
marghioli : consuma
marghioli : fandosi
marghioli : făli
marghioli : frământa
marghioli : fuduli
marghioli : grozăvi
marghioli : infatua
marghioli : împăuna
marghioli : înfumura
marghioli : îngâmfa
marghioli : lăuda
marghioli : maimuțări
marghioli : mândri
marghioli : preface
marghioli : prosti
marghioli : sclifosi
marghioli : simula
marghioli : zbate
marghiolie : fantezie
marghiolie : fason
marghiolie : fleac
marghiolie : înșelăciune
marghiolie : înșelătorie
marghiolie : mașinație
marghiolie : nimic
marghiolire : chinui
marghiolire : consuma
marghiolire : fandosi
marghiolire : făli
marghiolire : frământa
marghiolire : fuduli
marghiolire : grozăvi
marghiolire : infatua
marghiolire : împăuna
marghiolire : înfumura
marghiolire : îngâmfa
marghiolire : lăuda
marghiolire : maimuțări
marghiolire : mândri
marghiolire : preface
marghiolire : prosti
marghiolire : sclifosi
marghiolire : simula
marghiolire : zbate
margine : extremitate
margine : soroc
margine : linie
margine : oprit
margine : mahala
margine : periferie
margine : lucru
margraf : marchiz
margraf : marchion
margraf : înnobilat
margrafiat : marchizat
margraviat : marchizat
maria : boul-lui-dumnezeu
mariaj : numit
marianus : amărea
mariaș : crivac
marie : boul-lui-dumnezeu
marimba : balafon
marimba : instrument
marimba : percuție
marin : pelagic
marin : marinesc
marina : pelagic
marina : marinesc
marinar : matelot
marinar : matroz
marinar : marinier
marinar : vaporean
marine : pelagic
marine : marinesc
marini : pelagic
marini : marinesc
marinier : matelot
marinim : darnic
marinim : generos
marinimozitate : dărnicie
marinimozitate : generozitate
marino : pelagic
marino : marinesc
marină : pelagic
marină : marinesc
marionetă : teatrul
maritagiu : căsătorie
maritagiu : căsnicie
marital : conjugal
maritim : marin
maritimus : rogoz
maritimus : țipirig
maritimus : țiperig
maritimus : hiemale
maritimus : capu-câmpului
maritimus : iarbă-de-cositor
mariță : serviciu
mariță : servitoare
marjă : margine
marjă : pentru
marjă : orice
marmor : cărbune
marmor : dalac
marmor : porțelan
marmorean : marmoreic
marmorean : marmoreu
marmorean : marmoriu
marmotta : bursuc
marmotă : bursuc
marmure : cărbune
marmure : dalac
marmure : porțelan
marmură : cărbune
marmură : dalac
marmură : porțelan
maro : invar
maro : cafeniu
maro : castaniu
maro : căcăniu
maro : culoare
marochin : saftian
marochin : cordovan
marochină : saftian
marochină : cordovan
marod : lovit
marod : nesănătos
marod : rănit
marrubium : vulgare
mars : interj
mars : mașir
mars : făcut
mars : peste
mars : rusism
mars : stupai
mars : pașol
mars : țâlea
martagon : lilie
martagon : liliom
martagon : pădure
martagon : aișor
martagon : fiere
martagon : ai-de-pădure
martagon : roșie
martagon : stânjen
martagon : crinul-fânului
martagon : dreț-galben
martagon : crinoid
martagon : denumește
martes : martes
martes : sângeap
martie : mărțișor
martie : germănar
martin : pescar
martin : diverse
martin : specii
martini : pescar
martini : diverse
martini : specii
martirism : martiriu
martirism : mucenicie
martiriza : mucenici
martirizare : mucenici
martirizat : mucenici
martor : mărturie
martor : declarant
martor : mărturisitor
martor : spectator
martor : neputincios
maruflaj : maruflare
marș : interj
marș : mașir
marș : făcut
marș : peste
marș : rusism
marș : stupai
marș : pașol
marș : țâlea
marșa : mijloc
marșa : modalitate
marșa : posibilitate
marșa : procedare
marșa : procedeu
marșrut : itinerar
marșrut : parcurs
marșrut : traiect
marșrut : traiectorie
marșrută : itinerar
marșrută : parcurs
marșrută : traiect
marșrută : traiectorie
marșă : mijloc
marșă : modalitate
marșă : posibilitate
marșă : procedare
marșă : procedeu
marțafoi : lichea
marțafoi : netrebnic
marțafoi : pușlama
marțafoi : scârnăvie
marțafoire : fuduli
marțafoire : grozăvi
marțafoire : infatua
marțafoire : împăuna
marțafoire : înfumura
marțafoire : îngâmfa
marțafoire : lăuda
marțafoire : mândri
marțial : militar
marțial : milităresc
marțial : milităros
marțial : ostășesc
marțial : războinic
marțial : serios
marțial : soldățesc
marțipan : marțafale
marțolea : marțiseara
mas : mânere
mas : cuiva
mas : peste
mas : noapte
masa : trage
masacra : decima
masacra : distruge
masacra : extermina
masacra : măcelări
masacra : nimici
masacra : prăpădi
masacra : stârpi
masacra : căsăpi
masacra : chesăgi
masacra : conceni
masacra : snopi
masacrare : distrugere
masacrare : exterminare
masacrare : măcelărire
masacrare : nimicire
masacrare : stârpire
masacrare : măcelărit
masacrare : căsăpire
masacrare : întregii
masacrat : decima
masacrat : distruge
masacrat : extermina
masacrat : măcelări
masacrat : nimici
masacrat : prăpădi
masacrat : stârpi
masacrat : căsăpi
masacrat : chesăgi
masacrat : conceni
masacrat : snopi
masacru : măcel
masacru : carnaj
masacru : pierzanie
masacru : pierzare
masacru : măcelărie
masacru : tăiere
masai : trage
masala : făclie
masare : tragere
masare : părții
masat : trage
masca : măscări
masca : acoperi
masca : ascunde
masca : voala
masca : lumina
masca : tăinui
masca : tăgădui
masca : retăcea
mascara : bufon
mascara : imoralitate
mascara : impudoare
mascara : măscărici
mascara : nerușinare
mascara : obscenitate
mascara : pornografie
mascara : rușine
mascara : scabrozitate
mascara : trivialitate
mascaradă : falsitate
mascaradă : fățărnicie
mascaradă : ipocrizie
mascaradă : înscenare
mascaradă : perfidie
mascaradă : prefăcătorie
mascaradă : viclenie
mascaragiu : măscărici
mascaralâc : clovnerie
mascaralâc : comicărie
mascare : ascundere
mascare : tăinuire
mascaret : măscărici
mascat : măscuit
masculin : bărbătesc
masculin : mascul
mască : obrăzar
mască : grecism
mască : ieșit
maselotă : pierdut
masiv : compact
mastica : băut
mastică : băut
mastoid : mastoidian
mastoidă : mastoidian
mastroacă : femeie
masă : mâncare
masă : bucate
masă : strat
masă : teascul
mat : lăptos
matare : ștemuire
matcă : albie
matcă : muscă-mare
matcă : pârvac
matcă : vechi
matcă : numește
matcă : colțarul
mate : yerba
matematic : matematicesc
matematician : matematic
matematică : matematicesc
mater : pahimeninge
materialicește : materialmente
materialist : interesat
materialist : mercantil
matern : mămesc
matern : mămește
maternitate : mămie
maternitate : tinere
materno : mămesc
materno : mămește
matimă : lecție
matimă : materie
matimă : obiect
matinal : matutin
matinal : sculare
matiță : parte
matol : băut
matol : cherchelit
matol : îmbătat
matoli : chercheli
matoli : îmbăta
matolire : chercheli
matolire : îmbăta
matolit : chercheli
matolit : îmbăta
matori : trece
matorire : trece
matosi : chercheli
matosi : îmbăta
matosire : chercheli
matosire : îmbăta
matosit : băut
matosit : cherchelit
matosit : îmbătat
matrapazlâc : hoție
matrapazlâc : înșelăciune
matrapazlâc : înșelătorie
matrapazlâc : pungășie
matrapazlâc : șarlatanie
matrapazlărie : hoție
matrapazlărie : înșelăciune
matrapazlărie : înșelătorie
matrapazlărie : pungășie
matrapazlărie : șarlatanie
matricaria : roman
matricaria : mătrice
matricaria : mătricea
matricaria : romonel
matrice : naștere
matrice : obârșie
matrice : origine
matricula : înregistra
matriculare : înregistrare
matriculație : înregistrare
matriculă : înregistra
matrimoniu : căsătorie
matrimoniu : căsnicie
matrimoniu : mariaj
matronalis : violă-de-noapte
matronalis : micșunea
matronalis : mirodenie
matronalis : floarea-nopții
matronalis : vioară-de-noapte
matronalis : viorea-de-noapte
matronalis : șibiog
matuf : baccea
matuf : hodorog
matufi : baccea
matufi : hodorog
matul : ocluziune
matur : adult
matur : de-acum
matur : minte
matura : adult
matura : de-acum
matura : minte
maturare : arunca
maturare : azvârli
maturare : depărta
maturare : izgoni
maturat : arunca
maturat : azvârli
maturat : depărta
maturat : izgoni
mature : adult
mature : de-acum
mature : minte
maturi : adult
maturi : de-acum
maturi : minte
maturitate : bărbăție
maturitate : vârsta
maturitate : profunzime
maturitate : seriozitate
maturitate : temeinicie
maturitate : gândirii
maturitate : sentimentelor
maturiza : coace
maturizare : coace
maturizat : maturit
mată : lăptos
mau : avânt
mau : dinamism
mau : energie
mau : impetuozitate
mau : putere
mau : tărie
mau : temperament
mau : vigoare
mau : vitalitate
maur : mauresc
maur : moresc
maur : moric
mauăr : lemnar
max : hispida
max : fasole-soia
maxilar : căprior
maxilar : strămutat
maxilar : insecte
maxilă : unele
maxim : maximal
maxima : maximal
maximaliza : maximiza
maximalizare : maximizare
maximalizat : maximiza
maximo : maximal
maximum : maxim
maximă : aforism
maximă : cugetare
maximă : dicton
maximă : adagiu
maximă : parimie
maximă : zicere
maximă : panseu
mays : călambuc
mays : cucuruz
mays : gârnișor
mays : mălai
mays : păpușoi
mays : tenchi
mays : porumb
mays : românesc
mazac : mânjit
mazac : murdar
mazac : negru
mazac : nespălat
mazac : pătat
mazac : răpănos
mazac : slinos
mazdeism : magism
mazilesc : detrona
mazilesc : surpa
mazili : detrona
mazili : surpa
mazilie : mazilire
mazilire : detronare
mazilire : mazilit
mazilire : mazilie
mazilire : surpare
mazilit : detronat
mașala : interj
mașala : bravo
mașina : conjura
mașina : conspira
mașinare : conjura
mașinare : conspira
mașină : aparat
mașină : șparhat
mașir : interj
mațe : adânc
mațe : adâncime
mațe : afund
mațe : măruntaie
mațe : pântece
mațe : stomac
mea : modestiei
mea : nostru
mea : bucurat
meandru : sinuozitate
meargă : deplasa
meargă : mișca
meargă : umbla
meargă : purta
meargă : puțin
meargă : păsa
meargă : cauza
meargă : îndrepta
meargă : drumul
measer : necăjit
measer : sărac
mecanic : mașinist
mecanic : mecanician
mecanic : fizic
mecanic : automat
mecanicește : automatic
mecanicește : inconștient
mecanicește : mașinal
mecanicește : mașinalicește
mecanicește : mecanic
mecanică : ondulatorie
mecanism : mașinărie
mecanism : mihanie
mecaniza : mașiniza
mecanizare : mașiniza
mecanizat : mecanic
mecanizat : mașinizat
mecanizat : sistematic
mecena : invar
mecena : mecenat
meci : întâlnire
meci : întrecere
meci : durat
mecit : lovit
mecit : strivit
mecler : intermediar
mecler : mijlocitor
mecler : misit
mecăcăi : mechereza
mecăcăi : mecheri
mecăcăit : mecăcăire
medalie : tinichea
medalie : primit
medial : central
medială : central
median : medial
mediator : intermediar
mediator : mijloc
mediator : interpus
mediator : solitor
mediator : între
mediator : aflate
medicago : ghizdei
medicago : trifoi
medicago : trifoiaș-sălbatic
medical : doctoresc
medical : doctoricesc
medical : medic
medical : medicesc
medical : medicinal
medicamenta : medica
medicamentare : medica
medicamentat : medica
medicamentos : medicinal
medicație : tratament
medicina : medicament
medicina : medicație
medicina : remediu
medicină : medicament
medicină : medicație
medicină : remediu
medie : mijlocie
mediere : intermediu
mediere : mediație
mediere : mijlocire
mediere : dovedit
medii : secolul
medii : mijloc
medii : veacul
medii : vârsta
mediocritate : obscuritate
mediocritate : complace
mediocru : comun
mediocru : mijlociu
mediocru : potrivit
mediocru : obscur
mediocru : modest
mediocru : redus
mediocru : scăzut
mediocru : valoare
medita : pregăti
medita : prepara
meditare : meditație
meditare : pregătire
meditare : preparare
meditare : candidat
meditarisi : cugeta
meditarisi : gândi
meditarisi : judeca
meditarisi : medita
meditarisi : raționa
meditarisire : cugeta
meditarisire : gândi
meditarisire : judeca
meditarisire : medita
meditarisire : raționa
meditarisit : cugeta
meditarisit : gândi
meditarisit : judeca
meditarisit : medita
meditarisit : raționa
meditat : pregăti
meditat : prepara
meditator : gânditor
meditator : meditativ
meditație : concr
meditație : meditare
meditație : scris
meditație : asupra
meditație : lecție
meditație : preparație
mediteranean : mediteran
mediteraneană : mediteran
mediu : anturaj
mediu : cadru
mediu : societate
mediu : mijloc
mediu : climat
mefistofelic : diabolic
mefistofelic : diavolesc
mefistofelic : drăcesc
mefistofelic : infernal
mefistofelic : necurat
mefitic : infecțios
megafon : portavoce
megahertz : megaciclu
megieș : limitrof
megieșesc : limitrof
megieșit : limitrof
mehenghi : deștept
mehenghi : dibaci
mehenghi : hazliu
mehenghi : ingenios
mehenghi : iscusit
mehenghi : îndemânatic
mehenghi : meșter
mehenghi : priceput
mehenghi : șiret
mehenghi : șmecher
mehenghi : vesel
mei : părâng
mei : păsat
mei : mălai
mei : officinale
mei : mălăcel
mei : verticillata
mei : mohor
meioză : diviziune
meișor : mei-sălbatic
meiște : mălăiște
meiște : mălaie
mejdaș : limitrof
mejdină : hotar
mejdă : hotar
melampyrum : condroniu
melampyrum : miazănoapte
melampyrum : păduroniu
melampyrum : grâul-prepeliței
melampyrum : grâu-negru
melampyrum : sor-cu-frate
melancolic : trist
melancolic : melanholicos
melancolic : noapte
melancolie : englezism
melancolie : spleen
melancolie : duioșie
melancolie : neînvins
melancolie : pentru
melancolie : vremurile
melc : gasteropod
melc : gastropod
melc : bourel
melc : culbec
melc : jocurile
melc : copii
melc : codobelc
mele : modestiei
mele : nostru
mele : bucurat
meleag : regiune
meleag : ținut
meleag : ~urile
meleagris : găină-cu-mărgăritare
meleagris : găină-de-mare
meleagris : pichere
meleagris : pichie
meleagris : lalea
melegar : pătul
melesteu : sucitor
melilotus : molotru
melilotus : trifoi-mare
melilotus : albus
melilotus : coerulea
melilotus : schinduf
melilotus : albastru
melissa : roiște
melissa : buruiana-stupului
melissa : busuiocul-stopului
melissa : floarea-stupului
melissa : iarba-albinelor
melissa : iarba-roilor
melissa : iarba-stupului
melissa : izma-stupilor
melissa : mierea-ursului
melissa : voioșniță-de-albini
melito : frângător
melito : zdrobit
melito : pentru
melița : îndruga
melița : pălăvrăgi
melițat : melițare
melițat : plantelor
meliță : frângător
meliță : zdrobit
meliță : pentru
mellea : opintici
mellea : popinci
melo : bostan
melo : boșar
melo : curcubete
melo : harbuz
melo : himanic
melo : șiarchin
melo : zămos
melo : cantalup
melo : caune
melo : gălboi
melo : himunic
melo : popone
melodie : cântec
melongena : pătlăgea
melonidă : fruct
melonidă : numit
melophagus : păduche
melophagus : bătucel
melophagus : cârcel
melophagus : țeche
melophagus : muscă-de-cal
melophagus : ricin
melos : compoziție
melos : melodie
meloșel : creasta-cocoșului
membrană : piele
membrană : pieloteie
membrană : unele
membru : mădular
membru : ciolan
membru : membru
memento : memorator
memento : notat
memorabil : important
memorabil : însemnat
memorabil : istoric
memorabil : marcant
memorabil : remarcabil
memorabil : eveniment
memorandum : memorial
memorandum : înainta
memoria : ținere
memoria : minte
memoria : memorator
memoria : amintire
memoria : pamente
memoria : ciocnit
memorie : ținere
memorie : minte
memorie : memorator
memorie : amintire
memorie : pamente
memorie : ciocnit
memorii : ținere
memorii : minte
memorii : memorator
memorii : amintire
memorii : pamente
memorii : ciocnit
memoriu : petiție
memoriu : memorial
memoriu : tacrir
memoriu : către
memoriu : memorande
memoriu : scris
memoriza : memora
memoriza : repeta
memoriza : proba
memorizare : învățare
memorizare : memorare
memorizat : învățat
memorizat : memorat
memuriet : misiune
menaj : gospodărie
menaja : conserva
menaja : păstra
menaja : menajarisi
menajare : cruțare
menajare : persoane
menajare : menajament
menajarisi : menaja
menajarisire : menaja
menajarisit : menaja
menajat : conserva
menajat : păstra
menajat : menajarisi
menghine : șurub
menghină : șurub
meningeal : meningian
menința : menire
menința : misiune
menință : menire
menință : misiune
menire : chemare
menire : misiune
menire : sacerdoțiu
menire : împlinit
meniu : bucate
meniu : mâncare
menstruale : menstruație
menstruație : ciclu
menstruație : period
menstruație : soroc
menstruație : belea
menstruație : sărbători
menstruație : rând
menstruație : menstruale
menstruație : eufemistic
menstruație : indispoziție
menstruă : menstruație
mentalitate : psihologie
mente : broaștei
mentha : gânj
mentha : somnișor
mentha : busuioc-de-câmp
mentha : busuiocul-cerbilor
mentha : polei
mentor : îndrumător
mentor : povățuitor
mentor : preceptor
mentor : sfătuitor
mentă : broaștei
menyanthes : plămânare
menyanthes : trifoi-amar
menyanthes : trifoi-de-lac
menzil : mesager
menzil : poștalion
menține : păstra
menține : păzi
menține : legăturile
menține : prietenie
menține : dăinui
menține : perpetua
menține : persista
menține : stărui
menținea : păstra
menținea : păzi
menținea : legăturile
menținea : prietenie
menținea : dăinui
menținea : perpetua
menținea : persista
menținea : stărui
menținut : păstra
menținut : păzi
menținut : legăturile
menținut : prietenie
menținut : dăinui
menținut : perpetua
menținut : persista
menținut : stărui
menționa : consemna
menționa : înregistra
menționa : preciza
menționa : specifica
menționa : acest
menționare : consemnare
menționare : înregistrare
menționare : precizare
menționare : specificare
menționare : acelui
menționare : eveniment
menționat : consemna
menționat : înregistra
menționat : preciza
menționat : specifica
menționat : acest
mepriza : disprețui
meprizare : disprețui
meprizat : disprețui
mercantil : interesat
mercantil : materialist
mercantilism : sistem
mercantilism : monetar
mercaptan : tioalcool
mercenar : joldunar
mercenar : lefegiu
mercenar : simbriot
mercenar : stipendiat
mercenar : armata
mercenariat : mercenarism
merchez : rațiune
merchez : semnificație
merchez : subterfugiu
merchez : șiretenie
merchez : șiretlic
merchez : șmecherie
merchez : tertip
merchez : tâlc
merchez : viclenie
mercur : hidrargir
mercur : argint-viu
mercurialis : slobonov
mercurialis : trepădătoare
merei : încremeni
merei : înlemni
merei : înmărmuri
merei : înțepeni
mereire : încremeni
mereire : înlemni
mereire : înmărmuri
mereire : înțepeni
meremet : reparare
meremet : reparat
meremetiseală : reparare
meremetiseală : reparat
meremetiseală : reparație
meremetisi : repara
meremetisire : reparare
meremetisire : reparat
meremetisire : reparație
meremetisit : reparat
mereu : cuprinzător
mereu : degerat
mereu : etern
mereu : înghețat
mereu : întins
mereu : necontenit
mereu : necurmat
mereu : neîncetat
mereu : neîntrerupt
mereu : nesfârșit
mereu : paralizat
mereu : permanent
mereu : perpetuu
merge : deplasa
merge : mișca
merge : umbla
merge : purta
merge : puțin
merge : păsa
merge : cauza
merge : îndrepta
merge : drumul
meridian : miazăzian
meridian : meridian
meridian : meridianul
meridian : primul
meridian : geografic
meridian : terestru
merindare : învelește
merindare : hrana
merindare : numește
merindare : popular
merita : învrednici
merita : meritarisi
merita : laudele
merita : cuveni
meritare : învrednici
meritare : meritarisi
meritare : laudele
meritare : cuveni
meritat : cuvenit
meritat : cuviincios
meritat : primit
meritat : răsplata
meriti : învrednici
meriti : meritarisi
meriti : laudele
meriti : cuveni
meritoriu : lăudabil
meritoriu : meritos
meritoriu : valoros
merișor : smirdar
merișor : coacăz-de-munte
merișor : cocăzar
merișor : brăbănoc
merișor : perișor
merișor : verdeața-iernii
merop : furnicar
merop : prigorie
mers : deplasare
mers : mergere
mers : mișcare
mers : circulație
mers : umblet
mers : purtare
mers : pășit
mers : funcționare
mersi : interj
mersură : mișcare
mersură : pășit
mersătură : mișcare
mersătură : pășit
merzlotă : mollisol
merzlotă : regiunea
mesaj : înțeles
mesaj : semnificație
mesaj : tâlc
mesaj : adânc
mesapi : iapigi
meschin : îngust
meschin : limitat
meschin : mărginit
meschin : obtuz
meschin : redus
meschin : strâmt
meschin : spirit
meschin : banal
meschin : mărunt
meschin : neînsemnat
meschinărie : îngustime
meschinărie : micime
meschinărie : spiritului
mesean : meselnic
meseri : ruina
meseri : sărăci
meseriaș : meșteșugar
meseriaș : franțuzism
meseriaș : artizan
meseriaș : meșter
meserie : meșteșug
meserie : meșterie
meserie : măistorie
meserie : zănat
meserie : intrat
meserniță : măcel
meserătate : mizerie
meserătate : nefericire
meserătate : nenoroc
meserătate : nenorocire
meserătate : nevoie
mesi : chefui
mesi : petrece
mesianic : profetic
mesire : chefui
mesire : petrece
mesit : chefui
mesit : petrece
mesitilenă : trimetilbenzen
mesitilenă : simetric
mespilus : gorun
mespilus : mișcul
mespilus : mostoc
mespilus : mostochin
mespilus : scoruș-nemțesc
mestec : amesteca
mestec : dumica
mestec : aliment
mesteca : amesteca
mesteca : dumica
mesteca : aliment
mestecare : amestecare
mestecare : mestecat
mestecare : aliment
mestecănaș : pufos
mestecăniș : mestecănet
mestecăniș : mestecăniște
mestecăniș : mestecărie
mestecău : sucitor
meta : hotar
metabolism : proces
metabolism : metabolic
metacarp : metacarpian
metafizic : transcendent
metafizic : metafizicesc
metafizician : metafizic
metafizică : transcendent
metafizică : metafizicesc
metahirisi : exercita
metahirisi : folosi
metahirisi : obișnui
metahirisi : practica
metahirisi : profesa
metahirisire : exercita
metahirisire : folosi
metahirisire : obișnui
metahirisire : practica
metahirisire : profesa
metahirisit : exercita
metahirisit : folosi
metahirisit : obișnui
metahirisit : practica
metahirisit : profesa
metal : madem
metalic : metalicesc
metalimbă : metalimbaj
metaloceramică : metalurgia
metaloceramică : pulberilor
metalurgic : metalurgicesc
metalurgie : metalurgia
metalurgist : metalurg
metamer : segment
metamer : viermilor
metamerie : segmentare
metamerie : segmentație
metamerie : viermilor
metamorfoza : modifica
metamorfoza : preface
metamorfoza : schimba
metamorfoza : transforma
metamorfoza : întoarce
metamorfoza : închipui
metamorfoza : străforma
metamorfoza : strămuta
metamorfoza : șanja
metamorfoza : nostru
metamorfozat : modificat
metamorfozat : prefăcut
metamorfozat : schimbat
metamorfozat : transformat
metamorfozat : strămutat
metamorfozat : obiect
metamorfoză : metamorfozare
metamorfoză : modificare
metamorfoză : prefacere
metamorfoză : schimbare
metamorfoză : transformare
metamorfoză : mutare
metamorfoză : străformare
metamorfoză : modificație
metamorfoză : preobrajenie
metamorfoză : transformație
metamorfoză : răsturnare
metamorfoză : suferit
metanol : alcool
metanol : metilic
metanol : spirt
metanol : carbinol
metatezat : metatetic
metehău : nătâng
metehău : neghiob
metehău : nerod
metehău : netot
metehău : prost
metehău : prostănac
metehău : stupid
meteleu : nătâng
meteleu : neghiob
meteleu : nerod
meteleu : netot
meteleu : prost
meteleu : prostănac
meteleu : stupid
meteor : căzătoare
meteor : arătare
meteori : căzătoare
meteori : arătare
meteorism : balonare
meteorism : meteorizație
meteorit : meteorolit
meteoriți : meteorolit
meteorolog : meteorologist
meteorologic : meteo
metodicesc : organizat
metodicește : organizat
metodică : pentru
metodică : predarea
metodist : metodician
metodist : învățământul
metodologic : metodic
metodologic : punct
metodologic : vedere
metodologie : aplica
metodă : sistem
metodă : lucrare
metodă : vădind
metodă : lipsa
metri : măsurar
metri : pentru
metri : calculat
metro : metropolitan
metro : subteran
metronom : metrometru
metronom : pentru
metronom : marcarea
metronom : timpilor
metropolă : mitropolie
metropolă : milion
metrou : metropolitan
metrou : subteran
metru : măsurar
metru : pentru
metru : calculat
metă : hotar
meu : modestiei
meu : nostru
meu : bucurat
mezanin : antresol
mezanin : parter
mezdri : jupui
mezdri : roade
mezdri : zdreli
mezdrire : jupui
mezdrire : roade
mezdrire : zdreli
mezdrit : jupui
mezdrit : roade
mezdrit : zdreli
mezelar : cârnățar
mezelar : mezelegiu
mezelic : aperitiv
mezelic : gustare
mezelărie : cârnățărie
mezenter : mezoblast
mezenter : prapur
mezenter : bezer
mezereum : piperul-lupului
mezolitic : epipaleolitic
mezon : mezotron
mezon : mezon
mezozoic : secundar
meșghie : hotar
meșter : maestru
meștere : maestru
meștergrindă : faurmaur
meștergrindă : meșter
meșteri : executa
meșteri : lucra
meșteri : munci
meșteri : potrivi
meșteri : realiza
meșteri : reface
meșteri : regla
meșterie : destoinicie
meșterie : dexteritate
meșterie : dibăcie
meșterie : ingeniozitate
meșterie : isteție
meșterie : istețime
meșterie : îndeletnicire
meșterie : îndemânare
meșterie : meserie
meșterie : meșteșug
meșterie : ocupație
meșterie : pricepere
meșterie : profesiune
meșterie : talent
meșterire : executa
meșterire : lucra
meșterire : munci
meșterire : potrivi
meșterire : realiza
meșterire : reface
meșterire : regla
meșterit : executa
meșterit : lucra
meșterit : munci
meșterit : potrivi
meșterit : realiza
meșterit : reface
meșterit : regla
meșterui : realiza
meșterui : reface
meșteruire : realiza
meșteruire : reface
meșteruit : realiza
meșteruit : reface
meșteșugareț : deștept
meșteșugareț : dibaci
meșteșugareț : ingenios
meșteșugareț : iscusit
meșteșugareț : îndemânatic
meșteșugareț : meșter
meșteșugire : complot
meșteșugire : conjurație
meșteșugire : conspirație
meșteșugire : destoinicie
meșteșugire : dexteritate
meșteșugire : dibăcie
meșteșugire : ingeniozitate
meșteșugire : isteție
meșteșugire : istețime
meșteșugire : îndemânare
meșteșugire : mașinație
meșteșugire : pricepere
meșteșugire : talent
meșteșugire : uneltire
meșteșugit : întors
meșteșugăresc : meserieșesc
meșteșugăresc : meșteresc
meșteșugărește : meșterește
mi : laciniata
mi : ruji-galbene
miambal : candel
miambal : negru
miasmatic : dezgustător
miasmatic : displăcut
miasmatic : dizgrațios
miasmatic : grețos
miasmatic : infect
miasmatic : împuțit
miasmatic : neplăcut
miasmatic : nesuferit
miasmatic : puturos
miasmatic : rău-mirositor
miasmatic : respingător
miasmatic : scârbos
miau : interj
miau : miorlau
miaun : mieunat
miaun : miorlăire
miaun : miorlăit
miaut : mieunat
miaut : miorlăire
miaut : miorlăit
micaceu : micafer
micaceu : micos
michiduță : demon
michiduță : diavol
michiduță : încornoratul
michiduță : naiba
michiduță : necuratul
mici : micșora
mici : descrește
mici : reduce
mici : scădea
mici : scurta
micicula : degenera
micicula : închirci
micicula : pipernici
micicula : sfriji
miciculare : degenera
miciculare : închirci
miciculare : pipernici
miciculare : sfriji
miciculat : degenerat
miciculat : închircit
miciculat : nedezvoltat
miciculat : pipernicit
miciculat : pirpiriu
miciculat : pricăjit
miciculat : prizărit
micime : micie
micime : micșorime
micime : scurtime
micime : strâmtime
micime : scurtare
micime : vieții
micire : micșora
micire : descrește
micire : reduce
micire : scădea
micire : scurta
micit : micșora
micit : descrește
micit : reduce
micit : scădea
micit : scurta
micoză : microsporie
microbian : septic
microbian : microbic
microbiolog : microbiologist
microcalculator : microcomputer
microcalculator : microordinator
microcenoză : biocorie
microclimă : microclimat
microfotocopie : fotomicrocopie
microfotografie : fotomicrografie
microfotografie : fotomicroscopie
micron : micrometru
microphthalmus : microphthalmus
microphthalmus : cățelul-pământului
microphthalmus : grivan
microphthalmus : țâncul-pământului
microphthalmus : sobol
microradiografie : micro
microraion : cvartal
microraion : sector
microraion : într-un
microrecital : minirecital
microril : microsion
microsion : microril
microsociologie : sociometrie
microtus : șoarece-de-câmp
microtus : popândoc
microtus : popânzac
microtus : popânzoi
microtus : șoarece-de-mare
microtus : pește-jidovesc
miculalb : specie
micuț : mititel
micuț : micșor
micuț : micșorel
micuț : micutel
micuț : micuțel
micuț : mititioc
micuț : obiect
micuț : scurticel
micuț : scurtișor
micșor : mititel
micșora : descrește
micșora : diminua
micșora : reduce
micșora : ușura
micșora : încărcătura
micșora : scădea
micșora : scurta
micșora : îngusta
micșora : valoarea
micșora : lăsa
micșora : îndulci
micșora : pedeapsa
micșorabil : reductibil
micșorare : descreștere
micșorare : diminuare
micșorare : reducere
micșorare : ușurare
micșorare : încarcăturii
micșorare : scurtare
micșorare : scădere
micșorare : zilei
micșorare : timpul
micșorare : scăzământ
micșorat : redus
micșorat : împuținat
micșorat : scăzut
micșorat : încetinit
micșorat : moderat
micșunea : foaltine
micșunea : șiboi
mie : pentru
miel : bârâiec
mielom : boala
mieluș : mielușor
mielușei : mielușor
mieluț : mielușel
mieluț : mielușor
mierar : apicultor
mierar : prisăcar
miere : cuscrișor
miere : cuscrior
miere : cuscru
miere : plămânare
miere : sudoare
miere : iarba-plumânei
miere : plămânărea
mierea : cuscrișor
mierea : cuscrior
mierea : cuscru
mierea : plămânare
mierea : sudoare
mierea : iarba-plumânei
mierea : plămânărea
mierleală : deces
mierleală : dispariție
mierleală : moarte
mierleală : pieire
mierleală : prăpădire
mierleală : răposare
mierleală : sfârșit
mierleală : stingere
mierli : deceda
mierli : dispărea
mierli : pieri
mierli : prăpădi
mierli : răposa
mierli : stinge
mierli : sucomba
mierli : suprima
mierlire : deces
mierlire : dispariție
mierlire : moarte
mierlire : pieire
mierlire : prăpădire
mierlire : răposare
mierlire : sfârșit
mierlire : stingere
mierliță : mierlicea
mierloi : mierlar
mierlă : pescărel
mieros : dulceag
mieros : onctuos
mieunat : mieunare
mieunat : miorlăire
mieunat : miorlăit
mieunat : miaun
mieunat : miaut
miez : centru
miez : sâmbure
miez : mijloc
miez : buric
miez : miezul
miez : tândala
miezuină : hotar
miezuitor : miezar
migala : atenție
migala : meticulozitate
migala : minuțiozitate
migala : scrupulozitate
migala : minuție
migala : scumpătate
migală : atenție
migală : meticulozitate
migală : minuțiozitate
migală : scrupulozitate
migală : minuție
migală : scumpătate
migdal : badim
migdalat : alungit
migdalat : codat
migdalat : prelung
migdală : macaron
mighiti : moșmondi
mighiti : moșmoni
mighitire : moșmondi
mighitire : moșmoni
migoroșeală : meticulozitate
migoroșeală : minuțiozitate
migoroși : moșmondi
migoroși : moșmoni
migra : clăti
migrat : clăti
migrator : călător
migrator : mutător
migrație : migrare
migrație : mișcare
migrație : migratorie
migrațiune : migrare
migrațiune : mișcare
migrațiune : migratorie
migrenă : micranie
migăli : piguli
migăli : bunghini
migăli : bichiri
migăli : puchini
migălire : piguli
migălire : bunghini
migălire : bichiri
migălire : puchini
migălit : piguli
migălit : bunghini
migălit : bichiri
migălit : puchini
mihalț : sulastru
mihalț : midhai
mihalț : midhoc
mihoc : motan
mii : pentru
miime : dintr-un
mijloc : centru
mijloc : buric
mijloc : jumătate
mijloc : șale
mijloc : doare
mijloci : media
mijloci : interpune
mijloci : negocia
mijlocire : mediere
mijlocire : intermediu
mijlocire : mediație
mijlociu : potrivit
mijlociu : mărime
mijlociu : mezin
mijlociu : mijlocin
mijlociu : mediu
mijlociu : calitate
mikado : tenno
milanez : medeolan
milanezi : medeolan
milaneză : medeolan
milcoșeală : meticulozitate
milcoșeală : minuțiozitate
milcui : milostivi
milcui : smeri
milcuire : grație
milcuire : îndurare
miliaceum : părâng
miliaceum : păsat
miliaceum : mălai
miliaceum : officinale
miliaceum : mălăcel
miliaceum : verticillata
miliaceum : mohor
miliard : bilion
miliard : unele
miliard : țări
miliard : numește
miliarde : bilion
miliarde : unele
miliarde : țări
miliarde : numește
milimetru : miemetru
milionar : milionist
milionar : ajuns
militant : combatant
militant : activ
militant : tărâmul
militar : cazon
militar : milităresc
militar : ostășesc
militar : soldățesc
militar : marțial
militar : cătănesc
militar : oștenesc
militar : oștesc
militar : voinicesc
militare : cazon
militare : milităresc
militare : ostășesc
militare : soldățesc
militare : marțial
militare : cătănesc
militare : oștenesc
militare : oștesc
militare : voinicesc
militari : cazon
militari : milităresc
militari : ostășesc
militari : soldățesc
militari : marțial
militari : cătănesc
militari : oștenesc
militari : oștesc
militari : voinicesc
militaricește : militarmente
militaris : bujor
militaris : sculătoare
militaris : untul-vacii
militaris : militaris
militaris : bujorei
militaris : salep
militaris : limba-cucului
militărește : ostășește
militărește : soldățește
militărește : cătănește
militărește : oștenește
militărie : stagiu
militărie : serviciu
militărie : militar
militărie : cătănie
militărie : oștenie
militărie : soldăție
milităros : cazon
milităros : marțial
milium : mei-sălbatic
milițian : miliționer
milițian : armata
miliție : secție
miliție : hoțul
milogi : prosti
milogi : coldui
milogi : calici
milogi : cerșetori
milogi : mangli
milogi : colțuri
milogire : prosti
milogire : coldui
milogire : calici
milogire : cerșetori
milogire : mangli
milogire : colțuri
milogit : cerșetorie
milogit : cerșit
milogit : cerșetorit
milos : binevoitor
milos : compătimitor
milos : îngăduitor
milos : înțelegător
milos : mărinimos
milos : milostiv
milos : milosârd
milos : priincios
milos : priitor
milos : aratat
milos : nevoile
miloste : grație
miloste : îndurare
milostenie : grație
milostenie : îndurare
milostenie : înțelegere
milostenie : mărinimie
milostenie : milostivire
milostiv : binevoitor
milostiv : compătimitor
milostiv : îngăduitor
milostiv : înțelegător
milostiv : mărinimos
milostiv : milos
milostiv : milosârd
milostiv : priincios
milostiv : priitor
milostiv : arătat
milostiv : nevoile
milostivenie : grație
milostivenie : îndurare
milostivire : milostenie
milostivnic : îndurător
milostivnic : îngăduitor
milostivnic : milos
milostivnicie : grație
milostivnicie : îndurare
milosârd : compătimitor
milosârd : îndurător
milosârd : îngăduitor
milosârd : înțelegător
milosârd : mărinimos
milosârd : milos
milosârdie : grație
milosârdie : îndurare
milosârdnic : îndurător
milosârdnic : îngăduitor
milosârdnic : milos
milă : îndurare
milă : ajutor
milă : grație
milă : milostivire
milă : miloste
milă : milcuire
milă : milosârdie
milă : milostivenie
milă : milostivnicie
milă : înțelegere
milă : mărinimie
milă : milostenie
milă : turcism
milă : musaadea
milă : manifestat
milă : întreaga
mim : pantomim
mim : celebru
mimare : imitare
mimare : reproducere
mimare : gesturilor
mimosa : simțitoare
mimoză : simțitoare
mina : subteran
mina : madem
mina : intrat
mina : rudărie
minaret : minarea
mincinos : contrafăcut
mincinos : falsificat
mincinos : înșelător
mincinos : neautentic
minciog : ciorpac
minciog : meredeu
minciog : miridov
minciog : răcea
minciog : rociu
minciog : tărăbuc
minciog : târboc
minciog : ritișor
minciog : peștele
minciunea : uscățea
minciunea : sud-vestul
minciunea : surcele
minciunea : mâncat
minciună : invenție
minciună : născocire
minciună : plăsmuire
minciună : poveste
minciună : scornire
minciună : băsnire
minciună : tromboane
mindir : păier
mindir : străjac
mine : laciniata
mine : ruji-galbene
minei : subteran
minei : madem
minei : intrat
minei : rudărie
miner : profesie
mineralizație : mineralizare
mineralog : mineralist
mineralog : mineralogist
minereu : madem
mineri : profesie
minerit : baieșag
minerit : băieșit
minge : unele
minge : sporturi
minge : balon
minge : hapuc
minicasetofon : walkman
miniere : minereu
minieră : minereu
minim : minimal
minima : minimal
minimal : minim
minimaliza : bagateliza
minimaliza : subaprecia
minimaliza : subestima
minimaliza : subevalua
minimaliza : deprecia
minimalizare : bagatelizare
minimalizare : subapreciere
minimalizare : subestimare
minimalizare : subevaluare
minimalizare : depreciere
minimalizare : importanței
minimalizat : bagatelizat
minimalizat : subapreciat
minimalizat : subestimat
minimalizat : subevaluat
minimalizat : depreciat
minimalizat : lucru
minimum : minim
minimus : șoricel
minimă : minimal
minister : departament
minister : unele
minister : state
minister : numește
minister : portofoliu
minister : portofel
ministerial : departamental
ministeriat : minister
ministeriat : timpul
ministeriat : ~ului
ministru : minister
ministru : unele
ministru : state
ministru : secretar
miniștri : minister
miniștri : unele
miniștri : state
miniștri : secretar
minologhion : sinaxar
minor : nevârstnic
minor : minorean
minor : secundar
minor : redus
minorat : minoritate
minore : nevârstnic
minore : minorean
minore : secundar
minore : redus
minoritate : etnici
minoritate : naționalitate
minoritate : conlocuitoare
mintal : intelectual
mintal : ideal
mintal : subiectiv
minte : gând
minte : rațiune
minte : deșteptăciune
minte : intelect
minte : cuget
minte : gândire
minte : spirit
minte : glagore
minte : rezon
minte : făcut
minte : raționament
mintean : surtuc
mintean : lăibărac
mintean : baibarac
mintean : căput
mintean : purtat
mintenaș : devreme
mintenaș : grabnic
mintenaș : imediat
mintenaș : neîntârziat
mintenaș : rapid
minteni : devreme
minteni : grabnic
minteni : imediat
minteni : neîntârziat
minteni : rapid
mintos : chibzuit
mintos : cuminte
mintos : deștept
mintos : dibaci
mintos : inteligent
mintos : iscusit
mintos : îndemânatic
mintos : înțelept
mintos : priceput
mintă : broaștei
minuna : cruci
minuna : încruci
minuna : pocozi
minuna : ciudi
minunat : divin
minunat : dumnezeiesc
minunea : cucuvea
minus : negativ
minus : totul
minuție : meticulozitate
minuție : minuțiozitate
mină : subteran
mină : madem
mină : intrat
mină : rudărie
minți : bărbieri
minți : minciuni
minți : tromboni
minți : vorbe
mințire : bărbieri
mințire : minciuni
mințire : tromboni
mințire : vorbe
mințit : inautentic
mințit : inventat
mințit : mincinos
mințit : născocit
mințit : neadevărat
mințit : neautentic
mințit : neîntemeiat
mințit : nereal
mințit : plăsmuit
mio : pentru
mioarcă : guzgan
mioară : mielușea
miop : ponivos
miop : chiomb
miopie : miopism
miopie : vedere
mior : cârlan
mior : noaten
mior : mielul
mior : peste
miorc : interj
miorcoteală : orăcăire
miorcotire : orăcăire
miorcăi : plânge
miorcăire : plânge
miorcăit : orăcăire
mioriță : miorea
miorlau : interj
miosept : miocom
miozotis : nu-mă-uita
miozotis : ochii-păsăruicii
miozotis : ochiul-șarpelui
miozotis : urechea-șoarecelui
mira : nedumeri
mira : ciudi
mira : scăndălisi
mira : ce-mi
mirabil : enorm
mirabil : excepțional
mirabil : extraordinar
mirabil : fabulos
mirabil : fantastic
mirabil : fenomenal
mirabil : formidabil
mirabil : gigantic
mirabil : grozav
mirabil : imens
mirabil : infinit
mirabil : neauzit
mirabil : nebun
mirabil : negrăit
mirabil : neînchipuit
mirabil : nemaiauzit
mirabil : nemaicunoscut
mirabil : nemaiîntâlnit
mirabil : nemaipomenit
mirabil : nemaivăzut
mirabil : nesfârșit
mirabil : nespus
mirabil : teribil
mirabil : uimitor
mirabil : uluitor
mirabile : enorm
mirabile : excepțional
mirabile : extraordinar
mirabile : fabulos
mirabile : fantastic
mirabile : fenomenal
mirabile : formidabil
mirabile : gigantic
mirabile : grozav
mirabile : imens
mirabile : infinit
mirabile : neauzit
mirabile : nebun
mirabile : negrăit
mirabile : neînchipuit
mirabile : nemaiauzit
mirabile : nemaicunoscut
mirabile : nemaiîntâlnit
mirabile : nemaipomenit
mirabile : nemaivăzut
mirabile : nesfârșit
mirabile : nespus
mirabile : teribil
mirabile : uimitor
mirabile : uluitor
mirabilit : glauberit
miracol : minune
miracol : mirac
miracol : întâmplat
miracul : minune
miracul : mirac
miracul : întâmplat
miraculos : magic
miragiu : farmec
miragiu : iluzie
miragiu : închipuire
miragiu : nălucire
miraj : vedenie
mirare : nedumerire
mirare : cuprins
mirat : nedumerit
mirată : nedumerit
miraz : bizarerie
miraz : bâzdâganie
miraz : ciudățenie
miraz : curiozitate
miraz : drăcie
miraz : drăcovenie
miraz : minunăție
miraz : moștenire
miraz : năstrușnicie
miraz : năzdrăvănie
miraz : patrimoniu
mireasmă : balsam
mireasmă : parfum
mireasmă : astăzi
mireasmă : boare
mireasmă : mirodenie
mireasmă : șmag
mireasmă : venea
mireasmă : amețitoare
mireasă : govie
mireasă : mireasa
mireasă : urzici
mireaz : ginere
mirei : vătășel
miresma : înmiresma
miresmare : înmiresmare
miresmat : îmbătător
miresmat : înmiresmat
miresmător : îmbătător
miresmător : înmiresmat
miriapod : diplopod
mirific : splendid
miriște : pășteau
mirișug : câștig
mirișug : profit
miroase : condiment
miroase : ingredient
mirodea : sibiog
mirodea : muștarul-stâncilor
mirodenie : floarea-nopții
mirodenii : floarea-nopții
mirodie : balsam
mirodie : condiment
mirodie : ingredient
miros : olfacție
miros : mirosenie
miros : odorat
mirosi : odora
mirosi : duhni
mirosi : duhli
mirosi : duhori
mirosi : adulmeca
mirosi : puncta
mirosi : mușina
mirosi : mușlui
mirosi : vetri
mirosi : adulma
mirosire : odora
mirosire : duhni
mirosire : duhli
mirosire : duhori
mirosire : adulmeca
mirosire : puncta
mirosire : mușina
mirosire : mușlui
mirosire : vetri
mirosire : adulma
mirosit : odora
mirosit : duhni
mirosit : duhli
mirosit : duhori
mirosit : adulmeca
mirosit : puncta
mirosit : mușina
mirosit : mușlui
mirosit : vetri
mirosit : adulma
mirositor : odorant
mirositor : odorifer
mirositură : condiment
mirositură : ingredient
mirosnic : îmbătător
mirosnic : înmiresmat
miroznă : balsam
mirui : pomăzui
miruire : miruit
miruire : ungere
miruire : pomăzanie
miruire : pomăzuire
miruță : officinalis
miruță : roșii
miruță : limba-boului
miră : imagine
miră : reglaj
mirăzenie : bizarerie
mirăzenie : bâzdâganie
mirăzenie : ciudățenie
mirăzenie : curiozitate
mirăzenie : drăcie
mirăzenie : drăcovenie
mirăzenie : minunăție
mirăzenie : năstrușnicie
mirăzenie : năzdrăvănie
misit : intermediar
misit : mijlocitor
misit : samsar
misit : mecler
misit : sensal
misit : tranzacție
misitie : sămsărie
misivă : epistolie
miso : recviem
misoginism : misoginie
mister : secret
mister : misteriozitate
misteric : criptic
misteric : enigmatic
misteric : misterios
misteric : ocult
misteric : secret
misterios : tainic
misterios : cabalistic
misterios : enigmatic
misterios : magic
misterios : ocult
misterios : maghicesc
misteriozitate : mister
misteriozitate : secret
misticism : misticitate
mistică : misticism
mistreț : corcit
mistreț : diferit
mistreț : eterogen
mistreț : felurit
mistreț : împestrițat
mistreț : încrucișat
mistreț : sălbatic
mistricioi : corcit
mistricioi : încrucișat
mistrie : maian
mistrii : maian
mistrițat : corcit
mistui : distruge
mistui : nimici
mistui : prăpădi
mistui : totul
mistui : calea
mistuială : digestie
mistuitor : devorant
mistuitor : nesățios
mistuitor : pasiune
misă : recviem
misăricios : necăjit
misăricios : sărac
mititel : micșor
mititel : micșorel
mititel : micutel
mititel : micuțel
mititel : mititioc
mititel : copil
mititel : mâncat
mititica : micșor
mititica : micșorel
mititica : micutel
mititica : micuțel
mititica : mititioc
mititica : copil
mititica : mâncat
mito : rușfet
mitocan : bădăran
mitocan : grosolan
mitocan : mahalagiu
mitocan : mârlan
mitocan : mârlănoi
mitocan : mocofan
mitocan : mojic
mitocan : necivilizat
mitocan : nepoliticos
mitocan : ordinar
mitocan : țărănoi
mitocan : țopârlan
mitocan : vulgar
mitocan : mocan
mitocan : mocârtan
mitocan : modârlan
mitocan : râtan
mitocan : mocodan
mitocan : mocofănos
mitocan : modoran
mitocan : mogâldan
mitocan : necunoscător
mitocan : negândit
mitocan : negreblat
mitocan : ghiorlan
mitocan : grobian
mitocan : necioplit
mitocancă : peior
mitocănesc : bădărănesc
mitocănesc : grosolan
mitocănesc : mahalagesc
mitocănesc : mârlănesc
mitocănesc : mojic
mitocănesc : mojicesc
mitocănesc : nepoliticos
mitocănesc : ordinar
mitocănesc : țopesc
mitocănesc : țopârlănesc
mitocănesc : vulgar
mitocănesc : mojicos
mitocănesc : necioplit
mitocănesc : suburban
mitocănește : bădărănește
mitocănește : grosolan
mitocănește : mahalagește
mitocănește : mârlănește
mitocănește : mojicește
mitocănește : ordinar
mitocănește : țărănește
mitocănește : vulgar
mitocănește : purtat
mitocănie : bădărănie
mitocănie : grosolănie
mitocănie : mahalagism
mitocănie : mârlănie
mitocănie : mojicie
mitocănie : țărănie
mitocănie : vulgaritate
mitocănie : mocofănie
mitocănie : mocofănism
mitocănie : modorănie
mitocănie : grosime
mitocănie : râtănie
mitocănie : necioplire
mitocănie : comis
mitocănime : mârlănime
mitocănime : mojicime
mitolog : mitologist
mitolog : reputat
mitologic : mitologicesc
mitoman : mincinos
mitomanie : confabulație
mitomană : mincinos
mitorlan : guzgan
mitorlan : sobol
mitoză : diviziune
mitralia : cartace
mitralie : cartace
mitraliere : cățea
mitralieră : cățea
mitropolit : arhiepiscop
mitropolitan : mitropolicesc
mitui : șperțui
mitui : astăzi
mitui : sfănțui
mitui : mâzdi
mitui : pentru
mituire : astăzi
mituire : sfănțuire
mituire : rușfetărie
mituire : ungere
mituire : funcționar
mituit : șperțui
mituit : astăzi
mituit : sfănțui
mituit : mâzdi
mituit : pentru
mită : rușfet
miuon : mezon
mixtură : combinație
mixtură : încâlcire
miza : ponta
miza : pontarisi
mizare : ponta
mizare : pontarisi
mizat : ponta
mizat : pontarisi
mizerabil : ticălos
mizerabil : păcătos
mizerabil : vreme
mizerabil : sărăcăcios
mizerabil : sărac
mizerabil : interior
mizericordos : îndurător
mizericordos : îngăduitor
mizericordos : milos
mizerie : sărăcie
mizerie : scăpătare
mizerie : scăpăciune
mizerie : scăpătăciune
mizerie : murit
miză : ponta
miză : pontarisi
mișarcă : femeie
mișca : sălta
mișca : pântecele
mișca : deplasa
mișca : plimba
mișca : bomboana
mișca : clătina
mișcare : mișcare
mișcare : migrațiune
mișcare : deplasare
mișcare : circulație
mișcare : pășit
mișcare : umblet
mișcare : sevei
mișcare : tempo
mișcare : moviment
mișcare : acțiune
mișcare : curent
mișcat : emoționat
mișcat : impresionat
mișcat : înduioșat
mișcat : tulburat
mișcat : atins
mișculanță : ghidușie
mișculanță : subterfugiu
mișculanță : șiretenie
mișculanță : șiretlic
mișculanță : șmecherie
mișculanță : ștrengărie
mișculanță : tertip
mișculanță : viclenie
mișcă : sălta
mișcă : pântecele
mișcă : deplasa
mișcă : plimba
mișcă : bomboana
mișcă : clătina
mișcător : instabil
mișcător : nestatornic
mișcător : schimbător
mișcător : variabil
mișea : bolnav
mișea : deplorabil
mișea : jalnic
mișea : lamentabil
mișea : mizerabil
mișea : nenorocit
mișea : nesănătos
mișea : prăpădit
mișea : slăbănog
mișea : slăbit
mișea : suferind
mișel : bolnav
mișel : deplorabil
mișel : jalnic
mișel : lamentabil
mișel : mizerabil
mișel : nenorocit
mișel : nesănătos
mișel : prăpădit
mișel : slăbănog
mișel : slăbit
mișel : suferind
mișelește : netrebnic
mișelește : ticăloșește
mișelește : infam
mișelește : purtat
mișeli : calici
mișeli : căina
mișeli : jelui
mișeli : lamenta
mișeli : plânge
mișeli : ruina
mișeli : sărăci
mișeli : scăpăta
mișeli : tângui
mișeli : văicări
mișelit : calici
mișelit : căina
mișelit : jelui
mișelit : lamenta
mișelit : plânge
mișelit : ruina
mișelit : sărăci
mișelit : scăpăta
mișelit : tângui
mișelit : văicări
mișelos : nenorocit
mișelos : sărac
mișelătate : mizerie
mișelătate : nefericire
mișelătate : nenoroc
mișelătate : nenorocire
mișelătate : nevoie
mișina : dinții
mișina : calului
mișina : numește
mișina : grăunte
mișina : cornetul
mișina : dentar
mișină : dinții
mișină : calului
mișină : numește
mișină : grăunte
mișină : cornetul
mișină : dentar
mișmaș : încâlcire
mișto : arătos
mișto : delicios
mișto : frumos
mișto : gustos
mișto : izbutit
mișto : îmbietor
mișto : plăcut
mișto : realizat
mișto : reușit
mișto : savuros
mișto : suculent
mișun : hamster
mițos : flocos
mițos : lățos
mițos : păros
mițos : vițos
mițos : bițos
miță : lâna
miță : calitate
mladă : lăstăret
mladă : târșar
mladă : trecut
mlaștină : smârc
mlaștină : băltac
mlaștină : bulhac
mlaștină : balhui
mlaștină : bâlc
mlaștină : batac
mlaștină : înecat
mlaștină : tinov
mlecin : lăptiuca-oii
mlăcos : mocirlos
mlădoacă : smicea
mlăștinos : mocirlos
mlăștinos : smârcos
mlăștinos : băltos
mlăștinos : rovinos
mlăștinos : băhnos
mlăștinos : mlăcos
mlăștinos : râtos
mlăștinos : mărghilos
mlăștinos : ploștinos
mlăștinos : regiune
mnemotehnic : mnemonic
mnemotehnică : mnemotehnie
mnemotehnică : memorarea
moacă : ciomag
moacă : mormoloc
moale : molatic
moale : covoare
moale : înmuiat
moale : pâine
moale : catifelat
moale : mătăsos
moale : neted
moale : piele
moar : grecism
moar : moarea
moarat : moariu
moarte : decedare
moarte : deces
moarte : dispariție
moarte : pieire
moarte : prăpădire
moarte : răposare
moarte : sfârșit
moarte : stingere
moarte : sucombare
moarte : exitus
moarte : extincție
moarte : repauzare
moarte : limbajul
moarte : bisericesc
moarte : repaus
moarte : săvârșire
moarte : pierzanie
moarte : pierzare
moarte : pieiște
moarte : topenie
moarte : petrecanie
moarte : petrecere
moarte : pierdere
moarte : piericiune
moarte : pristăvire
moarte : săvârșenie
moarte : săvârșit
moarte : scădere
moarte : sconcenie
moarte : crăpare
moarte : mierlire
moarte : mormânt
moarte : somnul
moarte : găsit
moaște : relicve
moaște : vestigii
moașă : nașterea
mobiliar : mișcător
mobiliar : mobil
mobilier : mobilament
mobilier : cumpărat
mobilitate : mișcăciune
mobilitate : mobil
mobiliza : antrena
mobilizare : antrenare
mobilizare : tuturor
mobilizat : antrena
mobilizator : antrenant
mobilizator : stimulativ
mobilizator : stimulator
mocan : grosolan
mocan : mitocan
mocan : mârlan
mocan : mârlănoi
mocan : mocofan
mocan : mojic
mocan : necivilizat
mocan : nepoliticos
mocan : ordinar
mocan : țărănoi
mocan : țopârlan
mocancă : mocăneasca
mocancă : popular
mocancă : numit
moceriță : nămol
moceră : nămol
mocicoli : mânji
mocicoli : murdări
mocicolire : mânji
mocicolire : murdări
mocicolit : mânji
mocicolit : murdări
mocicoș : mânjit
mocicoș : murdar
mocicoș : negru
mocicoș : nespălat
mocicoș : pătat
mocicoș : răpănos
mocicoș : slinos
mocicoșag : murdărie
mocicoși : mânji
mocicoși : murdări
mocicoșire : mânji
mocicoșire : murdări
mocicoșit : mânji
mocicoșit : murdări
mocioarcă : nămol
mociros : mlăștinos
mociros : mocirlos
mociros : nămolos
mocnit : alterat
mocnit : ascuns
mocnit : clocit
mocnit : descompus
mocnit : fermentat
mocnit : împuțit
mocnit : înăcrit
mocnit : răsuflat
mocnit : reținut
mocnit : stătut
mocnit : stricat
mocnit : tăinuit
mocodan : grosolan
mocodan : mitocan
mocodan : mârlan
mocodan : mârlănoi
mocodan : mocofan
mocodan : mojic
mocodan : necivilizat
mocodan : nepoliticos
mocodan : ordinar
mocodan : țărănoi
mocodan : țopârlan
mocofănie : grosolănie
mocofănie : mahalagism
mocofănie : mitocănie
mocofănie : mârlănie
mocofănie : mojicie
mocofănie : țărănie
mocofănism : grosolănie
mocofănism : mahalagism
mocofănism : mitocănie
mocofănism : mârlănie
mocofănism : mojicie
mocofănism : țărănie
mocofănos : grosolan
mocofănos : mitocan
mocofănos : mârlan
mocofănos : mârlănoi
mocofănos : mocofan
mocofănos : mojic
mocofănos : necivilizat
mocofănos : nepoliticos
mocofănos : ordinar
mocofănos : țărănoi
mocofănos : țopârlan
mocota : dormita
mocota : picoti
mocârțan : grosolan
mocârțan : mitocan
mocârțan : mârlan
mocârțan : mârlănoi
mocârțan : mocofan
mocârțan : mojic
mocârțan : necivilizat
mocârțan : nepoliticos
mocârțan : ordinar
mocârțan : țărănoi
mocârțan : țopârlan
mocăi : migăli
mocăi : moșmondi
mocăi : moșmoni
mocăi : tândăli
mocăi : moșinci
mocăi : moșoi
mocăi : moșorogi
mocăi : mușina
mocăi : mighiti
mocăială : mocoșire
mocăire : migăli
mocăire : moșmondi
mocăire : moșmoni
mocăire : tândăli
mocăire : moșinci
mocăire : moșoi
mocăire : moșorogi
mocăire : mușina
mocăire : mighiti
mocăit : mocoșit
mocăit : moșmondit
mocăit : ticăit
mocăit : chitcăit
mocănească : mocanca
mocănească : popular
mocănească : numit
mocănesc : mocanca
mocănesc : popular
mocănesc : numit
mod : mijloc
mod : modalitate
mod : posibilitate
mod : procedare
mod : procedeu
mod : sistem
mod : modru
mod : mediu
mod : mijlocire
mod : rezolva
mode : contribuabil
mode : subiect
model : șablon
model : prototip
model : tipar
model : construit
model : teatrul
model : izvod
model : exemplu
model : specimen
model : câteva
modelare : modelaj
modelare : modelat
modelare : succesive
modelare : modelizare
modelare : sistem
modelor : modelar
modelor : tipăritor
modelor : profesie
modern : actual
modern : contemporan
modern : recent
modern : tehnica
moderniza : înnoi
moderniza : mijloacele
moderniza : didactice
modernizare : înnoire
modernizare : mijloacelor
modernizare : predare
modernizat : înnoit
modernizator : înnoitor
modernizator : ~oare
modernizator : spirit
modest : smirom
modest : smerit
modest : extrem
modest : simplu
modest : prost
modest : prostatic
modest : condiție
modest : nepretențios
modest : sărac
modest : sărăcăcios
modest : timid
modest : început
modestie : smerenie
modestie : simplicitate
modestie : simplitate
modestie : prostie
modestie : prostime
modestie : condiției
modestie : sobrietate
modic : accesibil
modic : convenabil
modic : moderat
modic : potrivit
modifica : reface
modifica : prelucra
modifica : schimba
modifica : transforma
modifica : altera
modifica : preface
modifica : intervocalic
modificabil : transformabil
modificare : refacere
modificare : prelucrare
modificare : schimbare
modificare : transformare
modificare : prefacere
modificare : tratament
modificat : refăcut
modificat : prelucrat
modificat : schimbat
modificat : transformat
modificație : modificare
modificație : prefacere
modificație : schimbare
modiță : puișor
modoran : grosolan
modoran : mitocan
modoran : mârlan
modoran : mârlănoi
modoran : mocofan
modoran : mojic
modoran : necivilizat
modoran : nepoliticos
modoran : ordinar
modoran : țărănoi
modoran : țopârlan
modorani : grosolan
modorani : mitocan
modorani : mârlan
modorani : mârlănoi
modorani : mocofan
modorani : mojic
modorani : necivilizat
modorani : nepoliticos
modorani : ordinar
modorani : țărănoi
modorani : țopârlan
modoroi : morocănos
modoroi : necomunicativ
modoroi : neprietenos
modoroi : nesociabil
modoroi : posac
modoroi : taciturn
modoroi : tăcut
modoroi : urîcios
modorănie : grosolănie
modorănie : mahalagism
modorănie : mitocănie
modorănie : mârlănie
modorănie : mojicie
modorănie : țărănie
modru : mijloc
modru : modalitate
modru : posibilitate
modru : procedare
modru : procedeu
modru : sistem
modru : specie
modru : specimen
modul : valoare
modula : mlădia
modulat : mlădiat
modârlan : grosolan
modârlan : mitocan
modârlan : mârlan
modârlan : mârlănoi
modârlan : mocofan
modârlan : mojic
modârlan : necivilizat
modârlan : nepoliticos
modârlan : ordinar
modârlan : țărănoi
modârlan : țopârlan
modârlău : grosolan
modârlău : mitocan
modârlău : mârlan
modârlău : mârlănoi
modârlău : mocofan
modârlău : mojic
modârlău : necivilizat
modârlău : nepoliticos
modârlău : ordinar
modârlău : țărănoi
modârlău : țopârlan
mofluz : îmbufnat
mofluz : înșelat
mofluz : păgubit
mofluzi : calici
mofluzi : falimenta
mofluzi : ruina
mofluzi : sărăci
mofluzire : calici
mofluzire : falimenta
mofluzire : ruina
mofluzire : sărăci
moftangiu : flecar
moftangiu : guraliv
moftangiu : limbut
moftangiu : palavragiu
moftolog : flecar
moftolog : guraliv
moftolog : limbut
moftolog : palavragiu
mofturean : flecar
mofturean : guraliv
mofturean : limbut
mofturean : palavragiu
mofturos : boieros
mofturos : capricios
mofturos : fandosit
mofturos : năzuros
mofturos : pretențios
mofturos : sclifosit
mofturos : izmenit
mofturos : năsfiros
mofturos : năturos
mofturos : dificil
mofturos : lingav
mofturos : sudul
mofturos : scarandiv
mogorogea : bălmăji
mogorogea : bâigui
mogorogea : bodogăni
mogorogea : bolborosi
mogorogea : bombăni
mogorogea : boscorodi
mogorogea : certa
mogorogea : dăscăli
mogorogea : dojeni
mogorogea : gângăvi
mogorogea : îndruga
mogorogea : îngăima
mogorogea : îngâna
mogorogea : moraliza
mogorogea : murmura
mogorogi : bălmăji
mogorogi : bâigui
mogorogi : bodogăni
mogorogi : bolborosi
mogorogi : bombăni
mogorogi : boscorodi
mogorogi : certa
mogorogi : dăscăli
mogorogi : dojeni
mogorogi : gângăvi
mogorogi : îndruga
mogorogi : îngăima
mogorogi : îngâna
mogorogi : moraliza
mogorogi : murmura
mogorogire : bălmăji
mogorogire : bâigui
mogorogire : bodogăni
mogorogire : bolborosi
mogorogire : bombăni
mogorogire : boscorodi
mogorogire : certa
mogorogire : dăscăli
mogorogire : dojeni
mogorogire : gângăvi
mogorogire : îndruga
mogorogire : îngăima
mogorogire : îngâna
mogorogire : moraliza
mogorogire : murmura
mogorogit : bălmăji
mogorogit : bâigui
mogorogit : bodogăni
mogorogit : bolborosi
mogorogit : bombăni
mogorogit : boscorodi
mogorogit : certa
mogorogit : dăscăli
mogorogit : dojeni
mogorogit : gângăvi
mogorogit : îndruga
mogorogit : îngăima
mogorogit : îngâna
mogorogit : moraliza
mogorogit : murmura
mogtar : hambar
mogâldan : grosolan
mogâldan : mitocan
mogâldan : mârlan
mogâldan : mârlănoi
mogâldan : mocofan
mogâldan : mojic
mogâldan : necivilizat
mogâldan : nepoliticos
mogâldan : ordinar
mogâldan : țărănoi
mogâldan : țopârlan
mogâldeață : momâie
mogâldeață : aceea
mohnăit : fonfăit
mohor : dughie
mohor : mei-păsăresc
mohor : mei-nebun
mohor : costrei
mohorât : mâhnit
mohorâți : însângera
moi : tenchi
moina : moiști
moinare : moiști
moinos : moinat
moinos : moinatec
moină : moiște
moină : moloșag
mojdrean : frasin-de-munte
mojicos : grosolan
mojicos : mahalagesc
mojicos : mitocănesc
mojicos : mârlănesc
mojicos : mojic
mojicos : mojicesc
mojicos : nepoliticos
mojicos : ordinar
mojicos : țopesc
mojicos : țopârlănesc
molcomi : calma
molcomi : domoli
molcomi : liniști
molcomi : potoli
molcomi : smeri
molcomi : tempera
molcomire : liniște
molcomire : smerenie
molcomire : tăcere
molcomit : încet
molcomit : liniștit
molcomit : măsurat
molcomit : potolit
molcomit : tacticos
molcomitor : calmant
moldavica : bosioc-de-munte
moldavica : busuiocul-stupului
moldavit : ceară-de-pământ
moldavite : ceară-de-pământ
moldo : albie
moldo : copaie
moldo : jgheab
moldovalah : moldomuntean
moldovean : bogdan
moldovean : moldav
moldoveneasca : moldovean
moldoveneasca : bogdănesc
moldoveneasca : moldav
moldovenesc : moldovean
moldovenesc : bogdănesc
moldovenesc : moldav
moldoveniza : moldoveni
moldovenizare : moldoveni
moldovenizat : moldoveni
moldă : albie
moldă : copaie
moldă : jgheab
moleculă : parte
molesta : brutaliza
molesta : maltrata
molestare : brutalizare
molestat : brutaliza
molestat : maltrata
moletare : randalinare
molete : vierme
molete : sfoiag
molete : larva
molete : morarului
moleșeală : slăbiciune
moleșeală : lâncezire
moleșeală : moleșire
moleșeală : toropire
moleșeală : franțuzism
moleșeală : torpoare
moleșeală : premergătoare
moleși : vlăgui
moleșit : muiat
moleșit : vlăguit
moleșit : fleșcăit
molfăi : morfoli
molfăi : mozoli
molfăi : morfologi
molfăi : moscoli
moliciune : molătate
molid : molete
molid : molidar
molie : molete
molie : prepeleac
molipseală : contaminare
molipseală : infectare
molipseală : infecție
molipsi : contagia
molipsi : contamina
molipsi : infecta
molipsi : infesta
molipsi : umple
molipsi : smredui
molipsi : strica
molipsire : contagiune
molipsire : contaminare
molipsire : infectare
molipsire : infecție
molipsire : infestare
molipsire : smreduire
molipsire : cuiva
molipsit : contaminat
molipsit : infectat
molipsit : infestat
molipsit : smreduit
molipsitor : contagios
molipsitor : infecțios
molipsitor : contaminant
molipsitor : infectant
molipsitor : lipicios
molipsitor : mutător
molipsitor : acolisitor
molipsitor : ciumos
molipsitor : împărțitor
molipsitor : smreduitor
molitvelnic : rugăciunar
molitvelnic : trebnic
molitvelnic : evhologhion
molitvă : închinăciune
mollisol : surse
mollissima : cuscrișor
mollissima : cuscrior
mollissima : cuscru
mollissima : plămânare
mollissima : sudoare
mollissima : iarba-plumânei
mollissima : plămânărea
mollugo : beteala-reginei
mollugo : năvalnicul-ăl-mare
mollugo : odorata
mollugo : mama-pădurii
molotru : chimion
molotru : schinduf
moloz : golomoz
moloz : provenit
molură : molotru
molură : secărea
molură : anason-dulce
molură : anason-mare
molură : anason-nemțesc
molură : chimen-dulce
moment : minut
moment : vreme
moment : soroc
moment : sosit
moment : când
momental : provizoriu
momental : temporar
momental : trecător
momentan : contemporan
momentan : curent
momentos : contemporan
momentos : curent
momentos : momentan
momentos : prezent
momentos : provizoriu
momentos : temporar
momentos : trecător
momitor : amăgitor
momitor : înșelător
monahal : călugăresc
monahal : mănăstiresc
monahal : monahicesc
monahal : claustral
monahic : mănăstiresc
monahic : monahal
monahicesc : călugăresc
monahicesc : mănăstiresc
monahicesc : monahal
monahicesc : claustral
monarhic : maiestatic
monarhic : monarhicesc
monarhie : regat
monarhie : crăie
monarhie : crăime
monarhie : regalitate
monarhism : regalism
monarhist : regalist
monastic : mănăstiresc
monastic : monahal
mondial : universal
mondială : universal
mondăni : bâigui
mondăni : bodogăni
mondăni : bolborosi
mondăni : bombăni
mondăni : boscorodi
mondăni : gângăvi
mondăni : îndruga
mondăni : îngăima
mondăni : îngâna
mondănire : bâigui
mondănire : bodogăni
mondănire : bolborosi
mondănire : bombăni
mondănire : boscorodi
mondănire : gângăvi
mondănire : îndruga
mondănire : îngăima
mondănire : îngâna
monetar : bănesc
monetară : bănesc
monetărie : tarapana
monetărie : bănărie
monetărie : pinzărie
mongol : mongolic
mongolid : mongoloid
monitor : ședator
monobrombenzen : brombenzen
monocelular : unicelular
monocit : macrofag
monocită : macrofag
monoclorbenzen : clorbenzen
monoclu : lornion
monoclu : ochiul
monococcum : tenchi
monocord : monoton
monocord : neexpresiv
monocotiledonat : monocotiledon
monocotiledonată : monocotiledon
monocrom : monocromatic
monodactil : soliped
monodactil : animal
monofazat : monofazic
monofazat : electric
monofazic : electric
monoflor : uniflor
monogam : monogamic
monograf : monografist
monogyna : gherghin
monogyna : mărăcine
monogyna : funigel
monogyna : furnicel
monogyna : talpa
monolingv : unilingv
monolitic : monolit
monolog : soliloc
monoman : monomaniac
monopetal : unipetal
monopolist : imperialism
monosepal : unisepal
monosilabic : monosilab
monosilabic : unisilab
monosilabic : unisilabic
monosperm : monospermatic
monosperm : monospermic
monostratificat : unistratificat
monostratificat : vegetal
monotaster : cules
monoton : anost
monoton : banal
monoton : placid
monoton : plictisitor
monoton : uniform
monotonie : uniformitate
monotonie : vieții
monotrem : prototerian
monotropa : sparangă-de-brădet
monovalent : monoatomic
monoșină : monorai
monstru : arătare
monstru : pocitanie
monstru : bâzdâganie
monstru : arătanie
monstru : budihace
monstru : basme
monstru : hâdoșenie
monstru : monstruozitate
monstru : sluțenie
monstru : urâciune
monstru : urâțenie
monstru : hâzenie
monstru : znamenie
monta : instala
montana : podbal-de-munte
montana : carul-pădurilor
montana : carul-zânelor
montana : țâța-oii
montare : instalare
montat : instala
montor : montator
montă : gonire
montă : împreunare
montă : montare
montă : sărit
mor : deceda
mor : dispărea
mor : pieri
mor : prăpădi
mor : răposa
mor : stinge
mor : sucomba
mor : repauza
mor : pristăvi
mor : proslăvi
mor : crăpa
mor : plesni
mor : sparge
mor : adormi
mor : expira
mor : petrece
mor : mierli
moral : comportare
moralic : spiritual
moralicesc : moralizant
moralicesc : moralizator
moralicesc : spiritual
moralizator : moral
moralizator : moralizant
moralizator : moralicesc
moralmente : moralicește
moralmente : spiritualicește
moralmente : sufletește
moralmente : spiritualmente
moralmente : simte
morală : moralitate
morar : măcinar
morbiditate : morbitate
morbos : bolnăvicios
morbos : nesănătos
morchella : invar
morchella : zbârciog
morcoașe : bleau
morcoașă : bleau
morcoti : cicăli
morcoti : dăscăli
morcoti : plictisi
morcotire : cicăli
morcotire : dăscăli
morcotire : plictisi
morcotit : cicăli
morcotit : dăscăli
morcotit : plictisi
morcov : carota
morcov : moroc
morcov : sudul
morcovi : carota
morcovi : moroc
morcovi : sudul
morfină : morfiu
morfogeneză : morfogenie
morfogeneză : dealurilor
morfolit : îngăimat
morfolit : mormăit
morfolit : nearticulat
morfolit : neclar
morfologi : morfoli
morfologie : etimologie
morfologire : morfoli
morfologit : morfoli
morgana : apa-morților
morio : untul-vacii
morio : bujorel
morio : poranici
morio : sculătoare
morio : untișor
morio : poroinic
morișcă : vânturătoare
morișcă : pentru
morișcă : sfârâitoare
morișcă : pârâitoare
morișcă : scârțâitoare
morișcă : zbârnâitoare
morișcă : alungat
morișcă : păsările
mormoloc : gândălac
mormoloc : lingurice
mormoloc : vițelar
mormoloc : lingura-popii
mormoloc : lingurița-zânei
mormoti : bâigui
mormoti : bodogăni
mormoti : bolborosi
mormoti : bombăni
mormoti : boscorodi
mormoti : gângăvi
mormoti : îndruga
mormoti : îngăima
mormoti : îngâna
mormânt : italienism
mormântal : funebru
mormântal : sepulcral
morocăneală : posăcie
morocăneală : ursuzenie
morocăneală : prost
morocăni : bâigui
morocăni : bodogăni
morocăni : bolborosi
morocăni : bombăni
morocăni : boscorodi
morocăni : gângăvi
morocăni : îndruga
morocăni : îngăima
morocăni : îngâna
morocănire : bâigui
morocănire : bodogăni
morocănire : bolborosi
morocănire : bombăni
morocănire : boscorodi
morocănire : gângăvi
morocănire : îndruga
morocănire : îngăima
morocănire : îngâna
morocănit : bâigui
morocănit : bodogăni
morocănit : bolborosi
morocănit : bombăni
morocănit : boscorodi
morocănit : gângăvi
morocănit : îndruga
morocănit : îngăima
morocănit : îngâna
morocănos : ursuz
morocănos : posac
morocănos : răutăcios
moroi : arătare
moroi : nălucire
moroi : năzărire
moroi : spectru
moroi : spirit
moroi : stafie
moroi : strigoi
moroi : vedenie
moronci : bodogăni
moronci : certa
moronci : cicăli
moronci : dăscăli
moronci : dojeni
moronci : moraliza
moronci : mustra
moronci : plictisi
moroncire : bodogăni
moroncire : certa
moroncire : cicăli
moroncire : dăscăli
moroncire : dojeni
moroncire : moraliza
moroncire : mustra
moroncire : plictisi
moroncit : bodogăni
moroncit : certa
moroncit : cicăli
moroncit : dăscăli
moroncit : dojeni
moroncit : moraliza
moroncit : mustra
moroncit : plictisi
moros : morocănos
moros : necomunicativ
moros : neprietenos
moros : nesociabil
moros : posac
moros : taciturn
moros : tăcut
moros : urî-cios
morse : cal-de-mare
morse : vacă-de-mare
morse : vițel-de-mare
morsă : cal-de-mare
morsă : vacă-de-mare
morsă : vițel-de-mare
mort : neanimat
mortal : ucigător
mortal : letal
mortal : mortifer
mortalitate : letalitate
mortalitate : moarte
mortezare : mortezat
mortier : cumbara
mortifica : înjosi
mortifica : necroza
mortifica : putrezi
mortificare : necrozare
mortificat : necrozat
mortificat : putred
mortis : musai
mortis : neapărat
mortis : negreșit
mortis : numai
mortis : obligatoriu
mortis : necesarmente
mortis : nepristan
mortis : nesmintit
mortis : nelipsit
mortuar : funebru
mortuar : funerar
mortăciune : cadavru
mortăciune : stârv
mortăciune : găsit
morus : pomițar
morus : frăgar
morvos : răpciugos
morvă : rapin
morvă : mucărie
morvă : bolnav
morânceală : efort
morânceală : forțare
morânceală : sforțare
morânceală : strădanie
morânglav : delicat
morânglav : firav
morânglav : fragil
morânglav : pirpiriu
morânglav : plăpând
morânglav : prizărit
morânglav : sfrijit
morânglav : slăbănog
morăraș : morărel
morărie : morărit
morărit : morărie
morțiș : musai
morțiș : neapărat
morțiș : negreșit
morțiș : numai
morțiș : obligatoriu
morțiș : necesarmente
morțiș : nepristan
morțiș : nesmintit
morțiș : nelipsit
mosc : moscar
mosc : cabarga
moschatellina : moschatellina
moschatellina : moscușor
moschee : geamie
moschee : mecet
moschiferus : moscar
moschiferus : cabarga
moschus : moscar
moschus : cabarga
moscoli : morfoli
moscolire : morfoli
moscovit : moschicesc
moscovită : moschicesc
mostră : exemplu
mostră : model
mostră : specimen
mostră : câteva
mosul : moșneag
mosul : peior
mosul : ghiuj
mosul : plete
mosul : stâlp
mosul : deținător
mosul : pământ
mosul : titlu
mosul : moștenitor
mosul : numea
mosul : trecut
motan : cotoi
motan : pisoi
motan : pisic
motan : cotoc
motan : mihoc
motan : mârtan
motan : mâtârlan
motan : mâțoc
motan : motoc
motan : pisoc
motan : mârtac
motan : mârtoc
motan : masculul
motella : șoarece-de-câmp
motella : popândoc
motella : popânzac
motella : popânzoi
motella : șoarece-de-mare
motella : pește-jidovesc
motilitate : motricitate
motiv : argument
motiv : temei
motiv : pretext
motiv : grecism
motiv : profasis
motiv : invocat
motiv : pentru
motivare : justificare
motivare : rațiune
motivare : temei
motivare : acestei
motivare : explicare
motivare : explicație
motivare : gestului
moto : epigraf
motoc : motan
motocel : ciucure
motocicletă : motor
motocicletă : motociclu
motoflete : nătâng
motoflete : neghiob
motoflete : nerod
motoflete : netot
motoflete : prost
motoflete : prostănac
motoflete : stupid
motolog : nătâng
motolog : neghiob
motolog : nerod
motolog : netot
motolog : prost
motolog : prostănac
motolog : stupid
motonautică : motocros
motonautică : nautic
motor : motor
motor : centru
motor : aprindere
motor : diesel
motor : electric
motor : eolian
motor : aeromotor
motor : anemotrop
motrice : motoare
motroși : moșmondi
motroși : moșmoni
motroșire : moșmondi
motroșire : moșmoni
motroșit : moșmondi
motroșit : moșmoni
motănaș : motănel
motănaș : mâțuc
motănaș : pisocel
motănel : mâțuc
motănel : pisocel
moutonnees : spinări
moutonnees : berbec
mov : invar
movilă : glămeie
movilă : morman
movilă : purcoi
movilă : troian
movilă : nămol
movilă : cartofi
movilă : crengi
mozaic : iudaic
mozaica : iudaic
mozaicar : mozaist
mozaicar : profesie
mozaicare : mozaist
mozaicare : profesie
mozaism : iudaism
mozaist : mozaicar
mozavir : calomniator
mozavir : clevetitor
mozavir : defăimător
mozavir : denigrator
mozaviri : blama
mozaviri : calomnia
mozaviri : cleveti
mozaviri : defăima
mozaviri : denigra
mozaviri : discredita
mozavirie : bârfire
mozavirie : bârfit
mozavirie : calomnie
mozavirie : calomniere
mozavirie : clevetire
mozavirie : clevetit
mozavirie : defăimare
mozavirie : denigrare
mozavirie : discordie
mozavirie : discreditare
mozavirie : dușmănie
mozavirie : învrăjbire
mozavirie : ostilitate
mozavirie : ponegrire
mozavirie : pornire
mozavirie : vrăjmășie
mozavirnic : calomnios
mozavirnic : clevetitor
mozavirnic : defăimător
mozavirnic : denigrator
mozoli : mânji
mozoli : rufele
mozolire : mânji
mozolire : rufele
mozolit : mânji
mozolit : rufele
moș : moșneag
moș : peior
moș : ghiuj
moș : plete
moș : stâlp
moș : deținător
moș : pământ
moș : titlu
moș : moștenitor
moș : numea
moș : trecut
moșan : moștenitor
moșan : succesor
moșancă : succesoare
moșcoleală : murdărie
moșcoti : dibui
moșcotire : dibui
moși : moșmondi
moși : moșmoni
moșic : moșuc
moșie : domeniu
moșie : latifundiu
moșie : iosag
moșie : posesiune
moșie : prediu
moșie : părinție
moșie : moștenit
moșie : numea
moșie : trecut
moșier : latifundiar
moșier : proprietar
moșier : spahie
moșinci : moșmondi
moșinci : moșmoni
moșincire : moșmondi
moșincire : moșmoni
moșire : moșit
moșit : moșire
moșmon : gorun
moșmon : mișcul
moșmon : mostoc
moșmon : mostochin
moșmon : scoruș-nemțesc
moșmoni : migăli
moșmoni : moșmondi
moșmoni : tândăli
moșmoni : moșinci
moșmoni : moșoi
moșmoni : moșorogi
moșmoni : mușina
moșmoni : mighiti
moșmoni : atâta
moșmonire : migăli
moșmonire : moșmondi
moșmonire : tândăli
moșmonire : moșinci
moșmonire : moșoi
moșmonire : moșorogi
moșmonire : mușina
moșmonire : mighiti
moșmonire : atâta
moșmonit : migăli
moșmonit : moșmondi
moșmonit : tândăli
moșmonit : moșinci
moșmonit : moșoi
moșmonit : moșorogi
moșmonit : mușina
moșmonit : mighiti
moșmonit : atâta
moșnean : autohton
moșnean : indigen
moșnegește : bătrânește
moșneguț : moșnegel
moșnenesc : răzeșesc
moșnenesc : moștenesc
moșnenie : patrimoniu
moșogăi : moșmondi
moșogăi : moșmoni
moșoi : moșmondi
moșoi : moșmoni
moșorogi : moșmondi
moșorogi : moșmoni
moștean : autohton
moștean : indigen
moșteni : succeda
moșteni : clironomisi
moșteni : mărădui
moșteni : moșneni
moșteni : apuca
moștenie : patrimoniu
moștenire : patrimoniu
moștenire : succesiune
moștenire : moșie
moștenire : miraz
moștenire : clironomie
moștenire : dostoianie
moștenire : moșnenie
moștenire : moștenie
moștenire : nemestnicie
moștenire : rămas
moștenitor : succesor
moștenitor : erede
moștenitor : moșnean
moștenitor : moștean
moștenitor : clironom
moștenitor : moșan
moștenitor : ocinătoriu
moștenitor : următor
moștenitor : revenit
moștenitor : unicului
moștină : moștenire
moștină : mumie
moștină : patrimoniu
moșuleț : moșic
moșuleț : moșuc
moșulică : moșic
moșulică : moșuc
moșuț : ciocârlie
moșuț : moșic
moț : moțogan
moța : dichisi
moța : ferchezui
moța : găti
moța : împodobi
moțare : dichisi
moțare : ferchezui
moțare : găti
moțare : împodobi
moțat : cucuiat
moțat : pupuiat
moțat : țuguiat
moțat : țogoșat
moțochină : ristic
moțochină : stejar
mraniță : pământul
mreajă : mașinație
mreajă : prinzătoare
mreană : barbus
mreană : scobar
mreji : conjura
mreji : conspira
mrejire : conjura
mrejire : conspira
mrejit : conjura
mrejit : conspira
mucalit : hazliu
mucar : tăiat
mucar : mucul
mucarer : mucaremea
mucarer : refuzat
mucarnițe : mucar
mucarnițe : pentru
mucarnițe : tăiat
mucarnițe : mucul
mucarnițe : lumânări
mucarnițe : stingătoare
mucarniță : mucar
mucarniță : pentru
mucarniță : tăiat
mucarniță : mucul
mucarniță : lumânări
mucarniță : stingătoare
mucava : carton
mucegai : mucoare
mucegai : sfoiag
mucegai : prins
mucegai : strat
mucegăi : mucezi
mucegăi : mucuri
mucegăi : sfoiegi
mucegăi : aliment
mucegăios : mucegăit
mucegăire : mucezire
mucegăire : mucezit
mucegăit : muced
mucegăit : mucezit
mucegăit : mucegăios
mucegăit : mucegărit
mucegăit : sfoiegit
mucegărit : mucegăit
mucenic : martir
mucenic : martor
mucenic : mărturie
mucenic : mărturisitor
mucenic : otroc
mucenic : sfințișor
mucenic : sfânt
mucenic : martie
mucenicie : martir
mucenicie : martiriu
mucenicie : supliciu
mucenicie : martirism
mucenicie : mărturie
mucenicie : mucenie
mucenicie : mucenire
mucenicie : strădanie
mucenicie : îndurat
mucenie : martiriu
mucenie : mucenicie
mucenire : martiriu
mucenire : mucenicie
muchelef : cochet
muchelef : dichisit
muchelef : elegant
muchelef : ferchezuit
muchelef : gătit
muchelef : îngrijit
mucher : colus
mucher : specie
muchia : marginea
muchiat : marginea
muchie : margine
muchie : patului
muchie : spinare
muchie : unelte
muchiere : marginea
muchilipsi : dichisi
muchilipsi : ferchezui
muchilipsi : găti
muchilipsi : împodobi
mucles : interj
muculeț : mucușor
mucări : tăiat
mucări : mucul
muflă : scripete
muflă : gruie
muflă : macara
muget : răget
muget : mugit
muget : ruget
mugi : zbiera
mugi : râncălui
mugi : băuni
mugire : zbiera
mugire : râncălui
mugire : băuni
mugitor : mugind
mugo : sosnar
muguraș : mugurel
muguri : înmuguri
muguri : odrăsli
muguri : împupi
mugurire : înmugurire
mugurit : înmuguri
mugurit : odrăsli
mugurit : împupi
muhur : sigiliu
muia : întinge
muia : pâinea
muia : încălzi
muia : pricăli
muia : încări
muia : palataliza
mujdei : mujdar
mulgedium : lăptiuca-oii
mulgător : mulgar
mulgător : zărar
mullus : mâșcoi
mullus : latinism
muls : mulgere
muls : mulsoare
muls : mulgare
muls : mulzare
mult : cântărește
mult : vârtos
mult : intens
mult : suferit
mult : chinuit
multa : cântărește
multa : vârtos
multa : intens
multa : suferit
multa : chinuit
multi : cântărește
multi : vârtos
multi : intens
multi : suferit
multi : chinuit
multicel : multișor
multicel : așteptat
multicolor : pluricrom
multicolor : policolor
multicolor : policrom
multicolor : policromic
multidisciplinar : pluridisciplinar
multiform : pluriform
multiform : poliform
multinațional : plurinațional
multinațional : polinațional
multiplica : mări
multiplica : spori
multiplica : augmenta
multiplica : reproduce
multiplica : afișul
multiplicare : mărire
multiplicare : sporire
multiplicare : augmentare
multiplicare : câteva
multiplicare : reproducere
multiplicare : multe
multiplicat : mări
multiplicat : spori
multiplicat : augmenta
multiplicat : reproduce
multiplicat : afișul
multisecular : plurisecular
multișor : multicel
multișor : văzut
mulătui : chefui
mulătui : petrece
mulătuire : chefui
mulătuire : petrece
mulțam : interj
mulțea : mări
mulțea : ridica
mulțea : spori
mulți : mări
mulți : ridica
mulți : spori
mulțime : duium
mulțime : potop
mulțime : puhoi
mulțime : puzderie
mulțime : sumedenie
mulțime : poiede
mulțime : întuneric
mulțime : posmol
mulțime : mulțit
mulțime : putere
mulțime : grozăvenie
mulțime : grozăvie
mulțime : polog
mulțime : colectivitate
mulțime : obște
mulțime : peior
mulțime : ridicat
mulțime : amatori
mulțime : rezolvat
mulțime : multitudine
mulțime : pluralitate
mulțime : pluritate
mulțime : problemelor
mulțime : cârd
mulțime : trecut
mulțime : când
mulțime : ne-am
mulțimi : duium
mulțimi : potop
mulțimi : puhoi
mulțimi : puzderie
mulțimi : sumedenie
mulțimi : poiede
mulțimi : întuneric
mulțimi : posmol
mulțimi : mulțit
mulțimi : putere
mulțimi : grozăvenie
mulțimi : grozăvie
mulțimi : polog
mulțimi : colectivitate
mulțimi : obște
mulțimi : peior
mulțimi : ridicat
mulțimi : amatori
mulțimi : rezolvat
mulțimi : multitudine
mulțimi : pluralitate
mulțimi : pluritate
mulțimi : problemelor
mulțimi : cârd
mulțimi : trecut
mulțimi : când
mulțimi : ne-am
mulțire : mări
mulțire : ridica
mulțire : spori
mulțit : mulțime
mulțit : potop
mulțit : puhoi
mulțit : puzderie
mulțumesc : interj
mulțumesc : mersi
mulțumesc : mulțam
mulțumi : blagodari
mulțumi : satisface
mulțumi : îndestula
mumie : moaște
mumifica : mumifia
mumificare : mumifia
mumificat : mumifia
munci : lucra
munci : meșteri
munci : obosi
munci : osteni
munci : trudi
munci : nevoi
munci : asuda
munci : atâta
munci : pentru
muncire : lucra
muncire : meșteri
muncire : obosi
muncire : osteni
muncire : trudi
muncire : nevoi
muncire : asuda
muncire : atâta
muncire : pentru
muncit : ostenit
muncit : trudit
muncit : foarte
muncitor : lucrător
muncitor : uvrier
muncitorie : canon
muncitorie : durere
muncitorie : schingiuire
muncitorie : schingiuit
muncitorie : supliciu
munificent : darnic
munificent : generos
munificență : dărnicie
munificență : generozitate
muniție : zephanea
munte : masiv
munte : codru
munte : promontoriu
munteneasca : muntean
muntenesc : muntean
muntișor : munticel
muntos : montan
muntos : muntenat
muntos : montanistic
muntos : muntenos
mur : murai
mur : murar
mur : muroi
mura : saramura
muralis : crestățea
muralis : susai
muralis : crestanie
muralis : făgețea
muralis : floarea-hoțului
muralis : foaia-făgetului
muralis : foaia-tâlharului
muralis : susai-de-munte
muralis : susai-de-pădure
muralis : susai-sălbatic
murare : saramurare
murare : acrire
muraria : spinarea-lupului
murat : acrit
murdar : jegos
murdar : mânjit
murdar : negru
murdar : nespălat
murdar : pătat
murdar : răpănos
murdar : slinos
murdar : soios
murdar : maculat
murdar : tăvălit
murdar : terfelit
murdar : picat
murdar : scirnav
murdar : zăbălos
murdar : puchinos
murdar : puchios
murdar : pucios
murdar : dervelit
murdar : mazac
murdar : mârșav
murdar : muruit
murdar : muscuros
murdar : muzgurit
murdar : perceat
murdar : râpat
murdar : râpos
murdar : zoios
murdar : feștelit
murdar : tinos
murdar : smârced
murdar : smârd
murdar : împuțit
murdar : păduchios
murdar : janghinos
murdar : îngălat
murdare : jegos
murdare : mânjit
murdare : negru
murdare : nespălat
murdare : pătat
murdare : răpănos
murdare : slinos
murdare : soios
murdare : maculat
murdare : tăvălit
murdare : terfelit
murdare : picat
murdare : scirnav
murdare : zăbălos
murdare : puchinos
murdare : puchios
murdare : pucios
murdare : dervelit
murdare : mazac
murdare : mârșav
murdare : muruit
murdare : muscuros
murdare : muzgurit
murdare : perceat
murdare : râpat
murdare : râpos
murdare : zoios
murdare : feștelit
murdare : tinos
murdare : smârced
murdare : smârd
murdare : împuțit
murdare : păduchios
murdare : janghinos
murdare : îngălat
murdarisi : mânji
murdarisi : murdări
murdarisire : mânji
murdarisire : murdări
murdarisit : mânji
murdarisit : murdări
murdarlâc : murdărie
murdări : mânji
murdări : păta
murdări : macula
murdări : scârnăvi
murdări : îngăla
murdări : terfeli
murdări : tăvăli
murdări : derveli
murdări : mozoli
murdări : murui
murdări : pricăji
murdări : tămânji
murdări : târnosi
murdări : caciori
murdări : feșteli
murdări : mărdăgi
murdări : mocicoli
murdări : piscoli
murdări : tocăni
murdări : murdarisi
murdări : haine
murdărie : necurățenie
murdărie : scârnăvie
murdărie : măzăcie
murdărie : mocicoșag
murdărie : negru
murdărie : necurăție
murdărire : mânjire
murdărire : pătare
murdărire : maculare
murdărit : profanat
murea : deceda
murea : dispărea
murea : pieri
murea : prăpădi
murea : răposa
murea : stinge
murea : sucomba
murea : repauza
murea : pristăvi
murea : proslăvi
murea : crăpa
murea : plesni
murea : sparge
murea : adormi
murea : expira
murea : petrece
murea : mierli
murg : asfințit
murg : înserare
murgi : însera
murgi : întuneca
murgilă : asfințit
murgilă : înserare
murgire : însera
murgire : întuneca
murgit : asfințit
murgit : înserare
murguleț : murgușor
murgulețul : murgușor
muri : deceda
muri : dispărea
muri : pieri
muri : prăpădi
muri : răposa
muri : stinge
muri : sucomba
muri : repauza
muri : pristăvi
muri : proslăvi
muri : crăpa
muri : plesni
muri : sparge
muri : adormi
muri : expira
muri : petrece
muri : mierli
muribund : agonizant
muribund : muritor
muribund : murind
murinus : șoarece
murire : deceda
murire : dispărea
murire : pieri
murire : prăpădi
murire : răposa
murire : stinge
murire : sucomba
murire : repauza
murire : pristăvi
murire : proslăvi
murire : crăpa
murire : plesni
murire : sparge
murire : adormi
murire : expira
murire : petrece
murire : mierli
murit : deceda
murit : dispărea
murit : pieri
murit : prăpădi
murit : răposa
murit : stinge
murit : sucomba
murit : repauza
murit : pristăvi
murit : proslăvi
murit : crăpa
murit : plesni
murit : sparge
murit : adormi
murit : expira
murit : petrece
murit : mierli
muritor : pieritor
muritor : mortac
muritor : mortal
murmui : murmura
murmui : susura
murmui : șopoti
murmui : șopti
murmuială : clipocire
murmuială : clipocit
murmuială : murmur
murmuială : susur
murmuială : susurare
murmuială : șopot
murmuire : murmura
murmuire : susura
murmuire : șopoti
murmuire : șopti
murmuit : clipocire
murmuit : clipocit
murmuit : murmur
murmuit : susur
murmuit : susurare
murmuit : șopot
murmuitor : susurător
murmur : susur
murmur : zumzet
murmur : glasuri
murmurat : îngânat
murmurat : șoptit
murmurat : șopotit
murmureală : clipocire
murmureală : clipocit
murmureală : murmur
murmureală : susur
murmureală : susurare
murmureală : șopot
murseca : sfârteca
mursă : sirop
muruială : concr
muruială : pentru
muruială : lipitul
muruială : caselor
muruli : dezarticula
muruli : disloca
muruli : scrânti
murătură : murătoare
murătură : acrituri
mus : șoarece-de-câmp
mus : popândoc
mus : popânzac
mus : popânzoi
mus : șoarece-de-mare
mus : pește-jidovesc
musa : banan
musaadea : favoare
musaadea : înțelegere
musaadea : mărinimie
musaferea : convorbire
musaferea : dialog
musaferea : discuție
musafir : invitat
musafir : oaspete
musafir : vizitator
musafir : vindic
musafir : ospecioi
musare : banan
musc : înțepa
muscar : gelat
muscardinus : alunar
muscari : arpagic
muscari : orceag
muscari : puiac
muscari : nord-vestul
muscari : floarea-viorelei
muscari : cepșoare
muscari : ceapa-câinelui
muscaria : spongie
muscaria : burete-de-mare
muscaria : spongier
muscaria : șponghie
muscaria : șters
muscaria : coralloides
muscaria : curălice
muscaria : meloșel
muscaria : opintici
muscaria : togmăgel
muscaria : barba-caprei
muscaria : laba-mâței
muscaria : rămurele
muscaria : pâinișoare
muscaria : flocoșel
muscaria : cibarius
muscaria : gălbinele
muscaria : gălbiori
muscaria : unghia-caprei
muscaria : cerbilor
muscaria : vulgare
muscaria : bășina-porcului
muscaria : ostreatus
muscaria : burete-șerpesc
muscaria : pălăria-șarpelui
muscaria : procera
muscariță : pălăria-șarpelui
muscericigalbeni : floarea-paștilor
muscericigalbeni : floarea-păsărilor
muscericigalbeni : gălbenele
muscoi : bondar
musculos : musculat
musculos : mușchios
musculos : atlet
musculus : șoarece-de-câmp
musculus : popândoc
musculus : popânzac
musculus : popânzoi
musculus : șoarece-de-mare
musculus : pește-jidovesc
muscuros : mânjit
muscuros : murdar
muscuros : negru
muscuros : nespălat
muscuros : pătat
muscuros : răpănos
muscuros : slinos
muscă : musca
muscă : muscoi
muscă : tăun
muscă : gâza-calului
muscă : strechea-cailor
muscă : trântor-de-cai
muscă : hoiturilor
muscă : vomitoria
muscă : carne
muscă : muscă-mare
muscă : musca-hanțului
muscă : columbaezensis
muscă : muscă-otrăvitoare
muscă : muscă-rea
muscărie : muscărime
muselină : tulpan
muselină : musul
musical : comedie
must : pișat
must : mujdar
must : mustăraie
must : mustărie
must : mustoare
must : pișătoare
must : scurge
must : gunoiul
must : vitelor
must : numește
mustar : sinapis
mustar : câmp
mustar : nigra
mustar : muștar
mustar : arvensis
mustela : cacom
mustela : helge
musti : mustui
musti : mujdi
musti : zemui
musti : bușni
musti : chifti
musti : smârci
mustire : mustui
mustire : mujdi
mustire : zemui
mustire : bușni
mustire : chifti
mustire : smârci
mustrului : atinge
mustrului : certa
mustrului : dăscăli
mustrului : dojeni
mustrului : instrui
mustrului : moraliza
mustruluire : atinge
mustruluire : certa
mustruluire : dăscăli
mustruluire : dojeni
mustruluire : instrui
mustruluire : moraliza
mustruluit : atinge
mustruluit : certa
mustruluit : dăscăli
mustruluit : dojeni
mustruluit : instrui
mustruluit : moraliza
mustui : musti
mustui : mujdi
mustuire : musti
mustuire : mujdi
mustuit : musti
mustuit : mujdi
mustuitor : mustitor
mustuitor : toiag
mustuitor : stroncănitor
mustuitor : stropșitoare
mustuitor : pentru
mustuitor : zdrobirea
musulman : mahomedan
musulman : mediu
musulman : apusul
musulman : sarazin
musă : banan
mut : idiot
mut : imbecil
muta : deplasa
muta : strămuta
muta : petrece
muta : trambala
muta : dintr-un
muta : coltosi
muta : permuta
muta : transfera
muta : premutarisi
muta : slujba
muta : schimba
muta : ridica
muta : tabăra
muta : gândurile
muta : privire
mutac : morocănos
mutac : necomunicativ
mutac : neprietenos
mutac : nesociabil
mutac : posac
mutac : taciturn
mutac : tăcut
mutac : urâcios
mutare : deplasare
mutare : strămutare
mutare : trambalare
mutare : mutat
mutare : permutare
mutare : permutație
mutare : strămutat
mutare : transfer
mutare : transferare
mutare : serviciul
mutare : schimbare
mutare : bazei
mutare : ridicare
mutare : taberei
mutari : deplasare
mutari : strămutare
mutari : trambalare
mutari : mutat
mutari : permutare
mutari : permutație
mutari : strămutat
mutari : transfer
mutari : transferare
mutari : serviciul
mutari : schimbare
mutari : bazei
mutari : ridicare
mutari : taberei
mutator : contagios
mutator : infecțios
mutator : migrator
mute : idiot
mute : imbecil
mutellina : chimen-de-munte
mutellina : chimenul-ursului
mutellina : măraru-ursului
mutesc : dispărea
mutesc : înceta
mutesc : liniști
mutesc : potoli
mutesc : stinge
mutesc : zgomotele
muti : idiot
muti : imbecil
mutila : schilodi
mutila : estropia
mutila : strica
mutila : beteji
mutila : chilăvi
mutila : rupturi
mutila : grecism
mutila : sacatifsi
mutilare : schilodire
mutilare : estropiere
mutilare : schilăvire
mutilare : soldat
mutilat : schilod
mutilat : schilodit
mutilat : estropiat
mutilat : stropșit
mutilat : stricat
mutilat : schilăvit
mutilat : rupturit
mutilat : sacatifsit
mutilat : într-un
mutitate : muțenie
mutră : aspect
mutră : expresie
mutră : fizionomie
mutră : individ
mutră : înfățișare
mutră : obraz
mutual : reciproc
mutualitate : reciprocitate
mutualitate : bazat
mutul : demon
mutul : diavol
mutul : încornoratul
mutul : naiba
mutul : necuratul
mutulică : scopolie
mutălău : nătâng
mutălău : neghiob
mutălău : nerod
mutălău : netot
mutălău : prost
mutălău : prostănac
mutălău : stupid
mutăreț : morocănos
mutăreț : necomunicativ
mutăreț : neprietenos
mutăreț : nesociabil
mutăreț : posac
mutăreț : taciturn
mutăreț : tăcut
mutăreț : urâcios
mutătoare : curcubețea
mutătoare : tidvă-de-pământ
mutător : contagios
mutător : infecțios
mutător : migrator
muzeal : muzeistic
muzgurit : mânjit
muzgurit : murdar
muzgurit : negru
muzgurit : nespălat
muzgurit : pătat
muzgurit : răpănos
muzgurit : slinos
muzical : muzicesc
muzicant : muzic
muzician : muzic
muzician : reputat
muzico : cântare
muzicoterapie : meloterapie
muzică : cântare
mușamaliza : mitocosi
mușamaliza : niște
mușamalizare : cocoloșire
mușamalizat : mitocosi
mușamalizat : niște
mușamaua : mânioasa
mușamaua : popular
mușamaua : numit
mușca : înțepa
mușcare : mușcat
mușchi : mușchi
mușchi : strângător
mușchi : involuntar
mușchi : neted
mușchi : scheletic
mușchi : striat
mușchiulos : musculat
mușchiulos : mușchios
mușchiulos : atlet
mușcătar : muscat
mușcătareț : mușcat
mușcător : sarcastic
mușețel : roman
mușețel : mătrice
mușețel : mătricea
mușețel : romonel
mușina : migăli
mușina : mirosi
mușina : moșmondi
mușina : moșmoni
mușinare : migăli
mușinare : mirosi
mușinare : moșmondi
mușinare : moșmoni
mușinat : migăli
mușinat : mirosi
mușinat : moșmondi
mușinat : moșmoni
mușiță : musculiță-de-vin
muștar : sinapis
muștar : câmp
muștar : nigra
muștar : muștar
muștar : arvensis
muștiuc : pliscoi
muștrului : atinge
muștrului : certa
muștrului : dăscăli
muștrului : dojeni
muștrului : instrui
muștrului : moraliza
muștruluială : bătaie
muștruluială : certare
muștruluială : dojenire
muștruluială : imputare
muștruluială : instrucție
muștruluială : mustrare
muștruluială : observație
muștruluire : atinge
muștruluire : certa
muștruluire : dăscăli
muștruluire : dojeni
muștruluire : instrui
muștruluire : moraliza
muștruluit : atinge
muștruluit : certa
muștruluit : dăscăli
muștruluit : dojeni
muștruluit : instrui
muștruluit : moraliza
mușuroi : făcut
mușuroi : teren
mușuroit : mușuroire
muțeală : muțenie
muțenie : mutism
muțenie : tăcere
muțenie : muție
muțenie : ieșea
muțesc : dispărea
muțesc : înceta
muțesc : liniști
muțesc : potoli
muțesc : stinge
muțesc : zgomotele
muțește : dispărea
muțește : înceta
muțește : liniști
muțește : potoli
muțește : stinge
muțește : zgomotele
muți : dispărea
muți : înceta
muți : liniști
muți : potoli
muți : stinge
muți : zgomotele
muție : muțenie
muțire : dispărea
muțire : înceta
muțire : liniști
muțire : potoli
muțire : stinge
muțire : zgomotele
muțitură : muțenie
mycelis : crestățea
mycelis : susai
mycelis : crestanie
mycelis : făgețea
mycelis : floarea-hoțului
mycelis : foaia-făgetului
mycelis : foaia-tâlharului
mycelis : susai-de-munte
mycelis : susai-de-pădure
mycelis : susai-sălbatic
myosorus : șoricel
myosotis : miozotis
myosotis : ochii-păsăruicii
myosotis : ochiul-șarpelui
myosotis : urechea-șoarecelui
myoxus : chițcan
myoxus : guzgan-de-munte
myrica : halimifolium
myrica : germanica
myrica : roșie
myriophyllum : prisnel
myriophyllum : prusten
myriophyllum : mălura-bălții
mâgliseală : amăgire
mâgliseală : înșelare
mâgliseală : înșelăciune
mâgliseală : înșelătorie
mâgliseală : momire
mâgliseală : păcălire
mâgliseală : păcălit
mâgliseală : prostire
mâgliseală : prostit
mâglisi : amăgi
mâglisi : flata
mâglisi : încânta
mâglisi : înșela
mâglisi : măguli
mâglisi : păcăli
mâglisi : prosti
mâglisi : purta
mâglisire : amăgire
mâglisire : flatare
mâglisire : înșelare
mâglisire : înșelăciune
mâglisire : înșelătorie
mâglisire : lingușire
mâglisire : măgulire
mâglisire : momire
mâglisire : păcălire
mâglisire : păcălit
mâglisire : prostire
mâglisire : prostit
mâglisit : amăgi
mâglisit : flata
mâglisit : încânta
mâglisit : înșela
mâglisit : măguli
mâglisit : păcăli
mâglisit : prosti
mâglisit : purta
mâglisitor : înșelător
mâglisitor : lingușitor
mâglă : morman
mâhneală : întristare
mâhneală : mâhnire
mâhneală : necaz
mâhneală : supărare
mâhni : indispune
mâhni : îndurera
mâhni : întrista
mâhni : necăji
mâhni : supăra
mâhni : obidi
mâhni : scârbi
mâhni : râvni
mâhni : cătrăni
mâhni : mâhnit
mâhni : vorbele
mâhniciune : întristare
mâhniciune : mâhnire
mâhniciune : necaz
mâhniciune : supărare
mâhnire : amărăciune
mâhnire : întristare
mâhnire : necaz
mâhnire : supărare
mâhnire : obidire
mâhnire : bănat
mâhnire : mâhniciune
mâhnire : scârbie
mâhnire : rănire
mâhnire : trecut
mâhnire : îndurerare
mâine : mânezi
mâl : nămol
mâl : fundul
mâna : conduce
mâna : mânui
mâna : pluta
mâna : trăsura
mâna : deplasa
mâna : împinge
mâna : departe
mâna : frunzele
mânare : conduce
mânare : mânui
mânare : pluta
mânare : trăsura
mânare : deplasa
mânare : împinge
mânare : departe
mânare : frunzele
mânat : emisar
mânat : împuternicit
mânat : mesager
mânat : reprezentant
mânaș : surugiu
mânc : vorbirea
mânc : copiilor
mânc : păpa
mânc : ospăta
mânc : rumega
mânc : consuma
mânc : repede
mânc : întreaga
mânc : îmbuca
mânc : apucat
mânc : alimenta
mânc : hrăni
mânc : nutri
mânc : hăli
mânc : roade
mânc : distruge
mânc : măcina
mânc : săpa
mânc : scobi
mânca : vorbirea
mânca : copiilor
mânca : păpa
mânca : ospăta
mânca : rumega
mânca : consuma
mânca : repede
mânca : întreaga
mânca : îmbuca
mânca : apucat
mânca : alimenta
mânca : hrăni
mânca : nutri
mânca : hăli
mânca : roade
mânca : distruge
mânca : măcina
mânca : săpa
mânca : scobi
mâncaci : lacom
mâncaci : mâncăcios
mâncaci : nesătul
mâncaci : nesățios
mâncare : vorbirea
mâncare : copiilor
mâncare : păpare
mâncare : ospătare
mâncare : halire
mâncare : rumegare
mâncare : felului
mâncare : consumare
mâncare : mâncat
mâncare : codru
mâncare : aliment
mâncare : alimentație
mâncare : hrănire
mâncare : nutrire
mâncare : nutriție
mâncare : timpul
mâncare : concr
mâncare : nutriment
mâncare : bucate
mâncare : demâncare
mâncare : demâncat
mâncare : merinde
mâncare : de-ale
mâncare : gurii
mâncăcios : lacom
mâncăcios : nesătul
mâncăcios : nesățios
mâncăcios : pofticios
mâncăcios : insațiabil
mâncăcios : vorace
mâncăcios : lăcomit
mâncăcios : lăcomos
mâncăcios : mâncător
mâncăcios : hulpav
mâncăcios : hrănaci
mâncăcios : mâncaci
mâncăreț : lacom
mâncăreț : mâncăcios
mâncăreț : nesătul
mâncăreț : nesățios
mâncător : lacom
mâncător : mâncăcios
mâncător : nesătul
mâncător : nesațios
mâncătorie : escrocherie
mâncătorie : hoție
mâncătorie : mașinație
mâncău : mâncăcios
mâncău : găman
mâncău : folticos
mândrenie : minunăție
mândrenie : minune
mândri : făli
mândri : fuduli
mândri : lăuda
mândri : copiii
mândrire : făli
mândrire : fuduli
mândrire : lăuda
mândrire : copiii
mândru : dârz
mândru : fălos
mândrulenie : minunăție
mândrulenie : minune
mândră : dârz
mândră : fălos
mâne : conduce
mâne : mânui
mâne : pluta
mâne : trăsura
mâne : deplasa
mâne : împinge
mâne : departe
mâne : frunzele
mâneca : flanc
mânecar : pentru
mânecare : mânecat
mânecuță : mânecar
mânecuță : purtate
mânecă : flanc
mânecătoare : proor
mânecătoare : proroc
mânecătoare : zilei
mânecătoare : aprilie
mânecătoare : numește
mânecătoare : popor
mângâia : alinta
mângâia : dezmierda
mângâia : giugiuli
mângâia : drăgosti
mângâia : guguli
mângâia : mădări
mângâia : milui
mângâia : nineri
mângâia : băia
mângâia : măguli
mângâia : duioșie
mângâiat : alintat
mângâiat : dezmierdat
mângâiere : alint
mângâiere : dezmierdare
mângâiere : drăgostire
mângâietor : alintător
mângâietor : dezmierdător
mângâietor : dezmierdat
mângâietor : măgulitor
mângâietură : bucurie
mângâietură : desfătare
mângâietură : dezmierdare
mângâietură : mângâiere
mângâietură : mulțumire
mângâietură : plăcere
mângâios : alinător
mângâios : consolator
mângâios : desfătător
mângâios : dezmierdător
mângâios : drăgăstos
mângâios : duios
mângâios : iubitor
mângâios : încântător
mângâios : mângâietor
mângâios : plăcut
mânjeală : mânjire
mânjeală : murdărie
mânjeală : murdărire
mânjeală : necurățenie
mânjeală : pătare
mânjeli : mânjire
mânjeli : murdărie
mânjeli : murdărire
mânjeli : necurățenie
mânjeli : pătare
mânjit : murdar
mânjit : jegos
mânjit : nespălat
mânjit : slinos
mânjit : soios
mânjit : janghinos
mânjit : îngălat
mânjit : împuțit
mântui : izbăvi
mântui : purifica
mântui : scumpăra
mântui : salva
mântui : scoate
mântui : scura
mântui : spăsi
mântui : spăla
mântuință : mântuire
mântuință : salvare
mântuire : izbăvire
mântuire : salvare
mântuire : redempțiune
mântuire : spăsenie
mântuire : spăsire
mântuit : izbăvit
mântuit : salvat
mântuit : spăsit
mântuitor : liberator
mântuitură : mântuire
mânuitor : manipulator
mânzare : plecătoare
mânzare : fătat
mânzare : lapte
mânzare : numește
mânzat : tuluc
mânzișor : mânzuc
mânzișor : mânzușor
mânzărar : mânzar
mânzărar : mânzător
mânzărar : mânzări
mânzărar : numește
mână : condiție
mână : hădărag
mână : mănunchi
mână : măsea
mână : posesiune
mână : schimbătoare
mână : stare
mână : stăpânire
mână : titirez
mânăștergură : șervet
mâr : interj
mârcav : slăbănog
mârcav : slăbit
mârced : slăbănog
mârced : slăbit
mârcezi : slăbănog
mârcezi : slăbit
mârtac : motan
mârtan : motan
mârtoc : motan
mârzac : șerin
mârșav : debil
mârșav : delicat
mârșav : dezgustător
mârșav : dizgrațios
mârșav : firav
mârșav : fragil
mârșav : grețos
mârșav : hidos
mârșav : jegos
mârșav : jigărit
mârșav : mânjit
mârșav : murdar
mârșav : negru
mârșav : nespălat
mârșav : oribil
mârșav : pătat
mârșav : pipernicit
mârșav : pirpiriu
mârșav : plăpând
mârșav : prăpădit
mârșav : prizărit
mârșav : răpănos
mârșav : răpciugos
mârșav : respingător
mârșav : scârbos
mârșav : sfrijit
mârșav : slăbănog
mârșav : slinos
mârșav : soios
mârșav : șubred
mârșav : uscat
mârșăvenie : fărădelege
mârșăvenie : infamie
mârșăvenie : josnicie
mârșăvenie : mișelie
mârșăvenie : mârșăvie
mârșăvenie : nelegiuire
mârșăvenie : nemernicie
mârșăvenie : netrebnicie
mârșăvi : profana
mârșăvi : slăbi
mârșăvire : profana
mârșăvire : slăbi
mârșăvit : profana
mârșăvit : slăbi
mârțoagă : ghipcan
mârțoagă : mânzoc
mârțoagă : jărpan
mârțoagă : melegar
mârțoagă : mârțogariu
mârțoagă : pârțotin
mârțoagă : ronghi
mârțoagă : vestul
mâtârlan : motan
mâzdă : procent
mâzgală : murdărie
mâzgăli : mânji
mâzgăli : tămânji
mâzgălire : mânji
mâzgălire : tămânji
mâzgălit : mânji
mâzgălit : tămânji
mâț : cotoi
mâț : motan
mâțoc : motan
mâțuc : motănel
mâțuș : motănel
mâțuț : motănel
mâță : păpădie
mâță : pirostrie
mâță : potâng
mă : laciniata
mă : ruji-galbene
măcar : barem
măcar : încai
măcar : încale
măcar : încaltea
măcar : săvai
măcar : când
măceașă : scobicea
măcelar : casap
măcelar : nordul
măcelar : misar
măcelar : chesăgiu
măcelar : meserciu
măcelărie : căsăpie
măcelărie : cărnărie
măcelărie : fleșcărie
măcelărie : scaun
măcelărie : carne
măcelărit : exterminare
măcelărit : masacrare
măcelărit : măcelărire
măcelărit : nimicire
măceș : trandafir
măceș : sălbatic
măceș : mărăcine
măceș : scobituri
măcina : mânca
măcina : roade
măcina : săpa
măcina : scobi
măcinare : măcinat
măcinare : roadere
măcinare : săpare
măcinare : săpat
măcinare : malului
măcinare : către
măcinat : mâncat
măcinat : săpat
măciuliat : căscat
măciuliat : holbat
măciuliat : mărit
măciuliat : umflat
măcriș : lugeru-broaștii
măcriș : schiaz
măcriș : ștevie
măcriș : măcrișul
măcriș : măcrișor
măcriș : pădure
măcriș : măcrișul-iepurelui
măcăi : măcăli
măcăi : măcăni
măcăit : măcăire
măcăit : măcănit
măcăit : ocăit
măcăleandru : rubecula
măcăleandru : gușă-roșie
măcăleandru : prigoare
măcăleandru : prigorie
măcău : ciomag
măcău : cotor
măcău : picior
mădular : membru
mădular : penis
măduvă : măduva
măduvă : spinării
măduvă : rahis
măduvă : tulpinii
mădări : cocoli
mădări : dezmierda
mădări : mângâia
mădări : răzgâia
mădărire : cocoli
mădărire : dezmierda
mădărire : mângâia
mădărire : răzgâia
mădărit : cocolit
mădărit : răsfățat
măgar : urecheat
măglisitură : amăgire
măglisitură : înșelare
măglisitură : înșelăciune
măglisitură : înșelătorie
măglisitură : momire
măglisitură : păcălire
măglisitură : păcălit
măglisitură : prostire
măglisitură : prostit
măgulit : flatat
măgulit : simte
măgulit : extrem
măgulitor : lingușitor
măgulitor : mâglisitor
măgulitor : îmbunător
măgulitor : măgulicios
măgulitură : lingușire
măgură : tumul
măgădan : lungan
măgădău : lungan
măgăoaie : colos
măgăoaie : momâie
măgăoaie : sperietoare
măgăriță : femela
măgăruș : măgărel
măgăruș : asinel
măi : interj
măiastră : iscusit
măiastră : măiestrit
măicuță : mămulea
măicuță : mămincu
măiestrește : conjura
măiestrește : conspira
măiestri : conjura
măiestri : conspira
măiestrie : dibăcie
măiestrie : îndemânare
măiestrie : meșteșug
măiestrie : pricepere
măiestrie : talent
măiestrie : făcut
măiestrire : conjura
măiestrire : conspira
măiestru : iscusit
măiestru : măiestrit
măiuț : schimbător
măjărit : măjărie
măjărit : pentru
măjărit : pescuit
mălai : porumb
mălai : păpușoi
mălai : mălaiul-cucului
mălai : pilosa
mălai : horști
mălai : părășin
mălaie : porumb
mălin : sălbatic
măltări : murui
măltări : tencui
măltărire : murui
măltărire : tencui
măltărit : murui
măltărit : tencui
mălurici : măzărichea-cucului
măluros : mălurat
mălură : tăciune
mălură : plantelor
mălăieț : făinos
mălăieț : mălăios
mălăieț : mălăicios
mălăieț : mălăietic
mălăieț : mălăiețos
mălăieț : mălăit
mălăiște : porumb
mămica : mămulea
mămica : mămincu
mămică : mămulea
mămică : mămincu
mămăligar : sătean
mămăligos : indolent
mămăligos : moale
mămăligos : molatic
mămăligă : nordul
mămăruță : boul-lui-dumnezeu
măngălău : zolitor
măngălău : frecatul
mănoșie : belșug
mănoșie : bogăție
mănoșie : fecunditate
mănoșie : fertilitate
mănoșie : îmbelșugare
mănoșie : îndestulare
mănoșie : prisos
mănoșie : productivitate
mănoșie : rodire
mănunchi : polog
mănușă : baier
mănușă : brânca
mănușă : instrument
mănușă : numit
mănușă : cotoi
mănușă : stâlpușor
mănușă : picior
mănușă : popic
mănăstiresc : călugăresc
mănăstiresc : monahal
mănăstiresc : monahicesc
mănăstiresc : claustral
măraz : gelozie
măraz : invidie
măraz : necaz
măraz : pornire
mărcuș : bucălai
mărdăgi : mânji
mărdăgi : murdări
măreț : grandios
măreț : impunător
măreț : maiestos
măreț : august
măreț : fastuos
măreț : splendid
măreț : strălucitor
măreț : vederos
măreț : spectacol
măreț : solemn
măreț : solemnel
măreț : noapte
măreție : grandoare
măreție : solemnitate
măreție : peisaj
măreție : maiestate
măreție : semeție
măreție : splendoare
măreție : strălucire
măreție : alaiului
mărfi : produs
mărfi : metah
mărfi : negustorie
mărfi : product
mărfi : vândut
mărfi : articol
mărghilos : mocirlos
mărginaș : lăturalnic
mărginaș : limitrof
mărginaș : marginos
mărginaș : lateral
mărginaș : marginal
mărginaș : periferic
mărginaș : cartier
mărginaș : mărginean
mărginaș : țăran
mărgini : limita
mărgini : delimita
mărgini : străjui
mărgini : țărmuri
mărgini : telegraf
mărgini : încadra
mărgini : toate
mărgini : chenărui
mărgini : împrejmui
mărgini : înconjura
mărginire : îngustime
mărginire : obtuzitate
mărginire : opacitate
mărginire : spiritului
mărginit : limitat
mărginit : circumscris
mărginit : delimitat
mărginit : finit
mărginit : redus
mărginit : restrâns
mărginit : unilateral
mărginit : interpretare
mărginit : încuiat
mărginit : îngust
mărginit : obtuz
mărginit : scurt
mărginit : minte
mărginos : limitrof
mărgărit : boul-lui-dumnezeu
mărgărit : mărgăritar
mărgărit : mărgăritărel
mărgărit : vaca-domnului
mărgărită : boul-domnului
mărgărită : boul-lui-dumnezeu
mărgărităraș : mărgăritărel
mărgăriță : boul-lui-dumnezeu
mări : crește
mări : extinde
mări : întinde
mări : lărgi
mări : stăpânirea
mări : peste
mări : ridica
mări : umfla
mări : matca
mări : multiplica
mări : spori
mări : augmenta
mări : multe
mări : fondul
mări : rotunji
mări : prisosi
mări : umnoji
mări : numărul
mări : nivelul
măricel : mărișor
măricel : lucru
mărie : domnie
mărie : înălțime
mărie : maiestate
mărie : mărime
mărie : mărire
mărie : poate
mărime : înălțime
mărime : talie
mărime : mărime
mărime : magnitudine
mărinimie : înțelegere
mărinimie : milostenie
mărinimie : turcism
mărinimie : musaadea
mărinimos : binevoitor
mărinimos : compătimitor
mărinimos : îngăduitor
mărinimos : înțelegător
mărinimos : milos
mărinimos : milostiv
mărinimos : milosârd
mărinimos : priincios
mărinimos : priitor
mărinimos : nevoile
mărire : dimensiune
mărire : domnie
mărire : fudulie
mărire : infatuare
mărire : înălțime
mărire : înfumurare
mărire : îngâmfare
mărire : maiestate
mărire : mărie
mărire : mărime
mărire : mândrie
mărire : orgoliu
mărire : proporție
mărire : semeție
mărire : trufie
mărit : sporit
mărit : rotunjit
mărit : preamărit
mărit : lăudat
mărit : preaînălțat
mărit : prealuminat
mărit : slăvit
mărit : proslăvit
mărit : venerat
mărit : prealuminos
mărit : prealăudat
mărit : preaseninat
mărita : căsători
măritare : măritat
măritiș : căsătorie
măritiș : mărit
măritiș : măritare
măriuță : boul-lui-dumnezeu
măriuță : vaca-domnului
mărișor : măricel
mărișor : obiect
mărmurar : marmurist
mărmuri : încremeni
mărmuri : înlemni
mărmuri : înmărmuri
mărmuri : înțepeni
mărmuri : paraliza
mărmurire : încremenire
mărmurire : înlemnire
mărmurire : înmărmurire
mărmurire : înțepenire
mărmurit : încremenit
mărmurit : înlemnit
mărmurit : înmărmurit
mărmurit : înțepenit
mărmurit : neclintit
mărmurit : nemișcat
măros : grandoman
măros : infatuat
măros : încrezut
măros : înfumurat
măros : îngâmfat
măros : megaloman
măros : mândru
măros : orgolios
mărturi : afirma
mărturi : arăta
mărturi : atesta
mărturi : certifica
mărturi : confirma
mărturi : declara
mărturi : demonstra
mărturi : dovedi
mărturi : întări
mărturi : mărturisi
mărturi : proba
mărturi : relata
mărturi : sprijini
mărturi : spune
mărturi : stabili
mărturi : susține
mărturie : atestare
mărturie : pentru
mărturire : afirma
mărturire : arăta
mărturire : atesta
mărturire : certifica
mărturire : confirma
mărturire : declara
mărturire : demonstra
mărturire : dovedi
mărturire : întări
mărturire : mărturisi
mărturire : proba
mărturire : relata
mărturire : sprijini
mărturire : spune
mărturire : stabili
mărturire : susține
mărturisanie : depoziție
mărturisanie : mărturie
mărturisi : declara
mărturisi : recunoaște
mărturisi : spovedi
mărturisi : griji
mărturisi : duhovnici
mărturisi : accepta
mărturisi : admite
mărturisitor : justificativ
mărturisitor : justificator
mărturisitură : predicare
mărturisitură : propagare
mărturisitură : propovăduire
mărturisitură : răspândire
mărturisitură : spovedanie
mărturit : afirma
mărturit : arăta
mărturit : atesta
mărturit : certifica
mărturit : confirma
mărturit : declara
mărturit : demonstra
mărturit : dovedi
mărturit : întări
mărturit : mărturisi
mărturit : proba
mărturit : relata
mărturit : sprijini
mărturit : spune
mărturit : stabili
mărturit : susține
mărulluiadam : nodul
mărulluiadam : gâtului
mărunt : scund
mărunt : pitulat
mărunt : neînsemnat
mărunt : derizoriu
mărunt : valoare
măruntaie : viscere
măruntaie : vintre
măruntaie : mărunțele
măruntaie : adânc
măruntaie : adâncime
măruntaie : afund
măruntaie : profunzime
măruntaie : străfund
măruntaie : afunzime
măruntaie : baiere
mărunți : sfărâma
mărunți : mleci
mărunți : aliment
mărunți : mărunțeli
mărunți : mărunt
mărunți : zdrobi
mărunți : legume
mărunțire : fărâmițare
mărunțire : sfărâmare
mărunțire : aliment
mărunțit : fărâmițat
mărunțit : sfărâmat
mărunțit : aliment
mărunțite : fărâmițat
mărunțite : sfărâmat
mărunțite : aliment
mărunțiș : mărunt
mărunțiș : măruntaie
mărunțiș : fleac
mărunțiș : nimic
mărunțiș : prostie
mărunțiș : blagomanie
mărăcinar : torquata
mărăcinar : pietroșel
mărăcinar : țâitoare
mărăcinar : capra-dracului
mărăcinar : urzicar
mărăciniș : mărăcini
mărăciniș : spinărie
mărăciniș : mărăcinet
mărăciniș : spinet
mărăciniș : încurcat
mărădic : descendent
mărădic : posteritate
mărădic : scoborâtor
mărăndău : copil
mărăraș : mărărel
mărăraș : verde
mărăraș : mărariu-bălților
mărăraș : petrunjelul-broaștelor
mărărel : verde
mărăriță : nemirositoare
mărșălui : mărșui
mărșălui : marșirui
mărșălui : mărșuli
mărșăluire : mărșuire
măsai : prosop
măsai : șervet
măscară : impudoare
măscară : nerușinare
măscară : obscenitate
măscară : pornografie
măscară : scabrozitate
măscară : trivialitate
măscăraci : măscărici
măscăreț : măscărici
măscări : bârfi
măscări : blama
măscări : calomnia
măscări : cleveti
măscări : defăima
măscări : denigra
măscări : discredita
măscări : drăcui
măscări : înjura
măscări : masca
măscări : ponegri
măscări : ridiculiza
măscăriciune : clovnerie
măscăriciune : comicărie
măscăriciune : giumbușluc
măscăriciune : imoralitate
măscăriciune : impudoare
măscăriciune : nerușinare
măscăriciune : obscenitate
măscăriciune : pornografie
măscăriciune : scabrozitate
măscăriciune : trivialitate
măscărie : clovnerie
măscărie : comicărie
măscărie : giumbușluc
măscărie : imoralitate
măscărie : impudoare
măscărie : nerușinare
măscărie : obscenitate
măscărie : pornografie
măscărie : scabrozitate
măscărie : trivialitate
măscării : impudoare
măscării : nerușinare
măscării : obscenitate
măscării : pornografie
măscării : scabrozitate
măscării : trivialitate
măscărire : bârfi
măscărire : blama
măscărire : calomnia
măscărire : cleveti
măscărire : defăima
măscărire : denigra
măscărire : discredita
măscărire : drăcui
măscărire : înjura
măscărire : masca
măscărire : ponegri
măscărire : ridiculiza
măscărit : bârfi
măscărit : blama
măscărit : calomnia
măscărit : cleveti
măscărit : defăima
măscărit : denigra
măscărit : discredita
măscărit : drăcui
măscărit : înjura
măscărit : masca
măscărit : ponegri
măscărit : ridiculiza
măsea : molar
măsea : burete
măsea : clenci
măsea : ureche
măsea : leuca
măsea : ciocâlteu
măsea : ciocârlie
măsea : dinte
măsea : bonțoc
măsea : cățel
măsea : șiștoare
măsea : grindeiul
măsea : măseaua-ciutei
măsea : canis
măsea : cocorei
măsea : cocoșei
măsea : ghicitori
măsea : turcarete
măselariță : măsălare
măselariță : măselar
măselariță : sunătoare
măsluit : prefăcut
măsluit : balamut
măsluitor : falsificator
măsoriște : măsurat
măsurabil : mensurabil
măsurabil : parametru
măsurare : măsurat
măsurare : măsurătoare
măsurare : măsoriște
măsurare : ariei
măsurat : cumpănit
măsurat : tacticos
măsurat : gesturi
măsuriș : măsurat
măsură : mărime
măsură : talie
măsurătură : măsurat
mătase : ața-apei
mătase : lâna-broaștei
mătase : râia-broaștei
mătase : straiul-broaștei
mătase : jabrina-broaștei
mătcălău : înfărtăție
mătcălău : înfârtățit
mătcălău : însorțit
mătcălău : însurăție
mătcălău : paștelemic
mătcălău : sărbătoare
mători : trece
mătorire : trece
mătreață : pitiriazis
mătreață : tărâțar
mătreață : mătreață-de-arbori
mătreață : mătreața-bradului
mătreață : pletele-muierii
mătrice : granat
mătrice : mușețel
mătrice : reumatism
mătrice : spasm
mătricea : mușețel
mătrăgună : țilidonie
mătrăgună : cireașa-lupului
mătrăgună : doamna-codrului
mătrăgună : doamnă-mare
mătrăgună : floarea-codrului
mătrăgună : iarba-codrului
mătrăși : arunca
mătrăși : asasina
mătrăși : ascunde
mătrăși : azvârli
mătrăși : căra
mătrăși : cheltui
mătrăși : concedia
mătrăși : depărta
mătrăși : irosi
mătrăși : izgoni
mătrăși : împrăștia
mătrăși : îndepărta
mătrăși : mistui
mătrăși : prăpădi
mătrăși : risipi
mătrăși : scoate
mătrăși : suprima
mătrăși : ucide
mătrășire : arunca
mătrășire : asasina
mătrășire : ascunde
mătrășire : azvârli
mătrășire : căra
mătrășire : cheltui
mătrășire : concedia
mătrășire : depărta
mătrășire : irosi
mătrășire : izgoni
mătrășire : împrăștia
mătrășire : îndepărta
mătrășire : mistui
mătrășire : prăpădi
mătrășire : risipi
mătrășire : scoate
mătrășire : suprima
mătrășire : ucide
mătrășit : arunca
mătrășit : asasina
mătrășit : ascunde
mătrășit : azvârli
mătrășit : căra
mătrășit : cheltui
mătrășit : concedia
mătrășit : depărta
mătrășit : irosi
mătrășit : izgoni
mătrășit : împrăștia
mătrășit : îndepărta
mătrășit : mistui
mătrășit : prăpădi
mătrășit : risipi
mătrășit : scoate
mătrășit : suprima
mătrășit : ucide
mătura : arunca
mătura : azvârli
mătura : depărta
mătura : izgoni
măturat : măturare
măturea : măturice
măturele : măturice
măturice : măturea
măturică : măturea
măturică : măturice
măturică : scoparia
măturișcă : măturice
măturiță : măturea
măturiță : măturice
mătușă : tanti
mătăcine : bosioc-de-munte
mătăcine : busuiocul-stupului
mătăcină : bosioc-de-munte
mătăcină : busuiocul-stupului
mătăcăni : împletici
mătăcănire : împletici
mătăhăi : clătina
mătăhăi : flutura
mătăhăi : împletici
mătăhăire : clătina
mătăhăire : flutura
mătăhăire : împletici
mătăhăit : clătina
mătăhăit : flutura
mătăhăit : împletici
mătăhăli : împletici
mătăhălos : voluminos
mătăhălos : măhălos
mătăhălos : nătăvălos
mătăli : dormita
mătăli : picoti
mătălire : dormita
mătălire : picoti
mătălăi : clătina
mătălăi : flutura
mătălăi : împletici
mătălăire : clătina
mătălăire : flutura
mătălăire : împletici
mătănăi : împletici
mătănăire : împletici
mătărângă : membru
mătărângă : penis
mătărângă : pârghie
mătăsar : garrulus
mătăsar : pasărea-frigului
mătăsar : pasăre-de-mătase
mătăsi : mătase
mătăsi : vierme
mătăsos : catifelat
mătăsos : moale
mătăsos : neted
mătăsos : piele
măzga : descoji
măzăcie : murdărie
măzărat : mășcat
măzărica : indrușaim
măzărica : măzăriche
măzăriche : borceag
măzăriche : măzărice
măzăriche : bobușor
măzărică : indrușaim
măzărică : măzăriche
măzăruică : indrușaim
măzăruică : măzăriche
mășcat : bombat
mășcat : măzărat
