Jariștea : pârjol
Jgheaburi : țurloi
Jgheaburi : țurțur
Jgheaburi : izvor
Jgheaburi : curge
Jgheaburi : pentru
Jgheaburi : mustuit
Jilava : umedos
Jilava : puhav
Jilava : revenos
Jilava : motov
Jilava : teren
Jilave : umedos
Jilave : puhav
Jilave : revenos
Jilave : motov
Jilave : teren
Jitia : pățanie
Jitia : peripeție
Juste : drept
Juste : echitabil
Juste : decizie
Juste : întemeiat
Juste : temeinic
Juste : judecat
jabă : interj
jacobaea : mucegai
jacobaea : rodie
jacobaea : plantelor
jacobaea : inflexus
jacobaea : țipirig
jacobaea : iarba-mlaștinii
jacobaea : conglomeratus
jacobaea : pipirig
jaf : jefuire
jaf : jefuit
jaf : prădare
jaf : prădat
jaf : prădăciune
jaf : prădășug
jaf : răpiciune
jaf : răpștire
jais : gagat
jalbă : petiție
jalbă : plângere
jaleș : salbie
jaleș : salvie
jaleș : șerlai
jalovanie : plângere
jaluzea : rulou
jandarm : cavas
jandarm : colgiu
janghinos : mânjit
janghinos : murdar
janghinos : nespălat
janghinos : slinos
jantă : roții
jap : interj
japiță : proțăpel
japonez : nipon
japoneză : nipon
japonica : theophrasti
japonica : crucea-pâinii
japonica : floarea-crucii
japonica : trandafir-galben
japsă : călduri
japsă : dogoare
japsă : năduf
japsă : pârjol
japsă : pojar
japsă : zăduf
japă : jordie
jar : jăratic
jar : jărăgai
jar : jariste
jarcalete : găligan
jarcalete : golan
jarcalete : haimana
jarcalete : lungan
jarcalete : vagabond
jarchină : ciomag
jarchină : crâmpei
jarchină : fracțiune
jarchină : fragment
jarchină : parte
jarchină : porțiune
jarchină : secțiune
jaret : garet
jaret : picioarele
jariște : pârjol
jart : interj
javră : jigodie
javră : potaie
javră : jigăraie
javră : păhaie
jaz : jazband
jazz : jazband
jder : martes
jder : sângeap
jecmăneală : jefuire
jecmăneală : jumulire
jecmăneală : jupuire
jecmăni : jefui
jecmăni : jăpcăni
jecmăni : jumuli
jecmăni : jupui
jecmăni : negustor
jecmănire : jefui
jecmănire : jăpcăni
jecmănire : jumuli
jecmănire : jupui
jecmănire : negustor
jecmănit : jefuit
jecmănit : jumulit
jecmănit : jupuit
jefui : prăda
jefui : tâlhări
jefui : pleșcui
jefui : globi
jefui : plenui
jefui : strica
jefui : tâlhui
jefui : drumul
jefui : devasta
jefui : sparge
jefui : devaliza
jefuire : devastare
jefuire : prădare
jefuire : spargere
jefuire : devalizare
jefuit : prădat
jefuit : răpit
jefuit : devastat
jefuit : devalizat
jefuit : jecmănit
jefuit : jumulit
jefuit : jupuit
jefuitor : prădător
jefuitor : spoliator
jefuitor : jăpcan
jefuitor : pleșcuitor
jegos : murdar
jegos : mânjit
jegos : nespălat
jegos : slinos
jegos : soios
jegos : janghinos
jegos : îngălat
jegos : împuțit
jelanie : doliu
jelanie : plângere
jelire : bocire
jelire : plângere
jelire : plâns
jelire : jeluire
jelitor : sfâșietor
jelitor : tânguios
jelui : aspira
jelui : căina
jelui : compătimi
jelui : plânge
jelui : învinui
jelui : jindui
jelui : năzui
jelui : pofti
jelui : tinde
jelui : reclama
jelui : regreta
jelui : râvni
jelui : spune
jelui : ținti
jelui : urmări
jeluială : bocire
jeluială : bocit
jeluială : căinare
jeluială : jelire
jeluială : jelit
jeluială : jeluire
jeluială : lamentare
jeluială : lamentație
jeluială : plângere
jeluială : plâns
jeluială : tânguire
jeluială : tânguit
jeluială : văitare
jeluială : văitat
jeluit : aspira
jeluit : căina
jeluit : compătimi
jeluit : plânge
jeluit : învinui
jeluit : jindui
jeluit : năzui
jeluit : pofti
jeluit : tinde
jeluit : reclama
jeluit : regreta
jeluit : râvni
jeluit : spune
jeluit : ținti
jeluit : urmări
jeluitor : sfâșietor
jeluitor : tânguios
jenat : rușinat
jenă : rușine
jenă : sfiiciune
jenă : stânjenire
jenă : rușinare
jenă : stidire
jenă : sentiment
jenă : stenahorie
jerse : pulover
jerseu : pulover
jertfelnic : proscomidie
jertfi : sacrifica
jertfi : câmpul
jertfi : pentru
jertfi : binele
jertfit : sacrificat
jertfă : sacrificiu
jertfă : sânge
jertfă : dobândit
jertfă : libertatea
jertfă : făcut
jertfă : jertfe
jertfă : pentru
jertfă : atinge
jestoc : aspru
jestoc : barbar
jestoc : brutal
jestoc : câinos
jestoc : crâncen
jestoc : crunt
jestoc : cumplit
jestoc : feroce
jestoc : fioros
jestoc : inuman
jestoc : necruțător
jestoc : neiertător
jestoc : neîmblânzit
jestoc : neînduplecat
jestoc : neîndurat
jestoc : neîndurător
jestoc : nemilos
jestoc : neomenos
jestoc : neuman
jestoc : sălbatic
jestoc : sângeros
jeton : socotea
jeț : fotoliu
jeț : tolănit
jeț : într-un
jgheab : țurloi
jgheab : țurțur
jgheab : izvor
jgheab : curge
jgheab : pentru
jgheab : mustuit
jiganie : dihanie
jiglă : cruce
jignea : insulta
jignea : ofensa
jignea : ultragia
jignea : injuria
jignea : invectiva
jignea : sudui
jignea : atinge
jignea : răni
jignea : profund
jignea : atitudinea
jigni : insulta
jigni : ofensa
jigni : ultragia
jigni : injuria
jigni : invectiva
jigni : sudui
jigni : atinge
jigni : răni
jigni : profund
jigni : atitudinea
jignicer : clucer
jignire : insultare
jignire : ofensare
jignire : ultragiere
jignire : vexare
jignire : rănire
jignire : lezare
jignire : cuiva
jignire : vorbe
jignire : concr
jignire : afront
jignire : injurie
jignire : rușine
jignire : ultraj
jignire : vexațiune
jignire : înfruntare
jignire : necinste
jignire : atingere
jignire : poate
jignire : suporta
jignit : insultat
jignit : ofensat
jignit : ultragiat
jignit : vexat
jignit : atins
jignit : rănit
jignit : lezat
jignitor : injurios
jignitor : insultător
jignitor : ofensator
jignitor : vexant
jignitor : vexatoriu
jignitor : vorbe
jigăraie : boala
jigăraie : jigodie
jigăraie : potaie
jilav : umedos
jilav : puhav
jilav : revenos
jilav : motov
jilav : teren
jilavi : umedos
jilavi : puhav
jilavi : revenos
jilavi : motov
jilavi : teren
jilavă : umedos
jilavă : puhav
jilavă : revenos
jilavă : motov
jilavă : teren
jilip : pentru
jilip : deplasarea
jilip : lemnelor
jilăveala : umiditate
jilăveală : umiditate
jilăvete : ciomag
jilăvete : retevei
jilăvi : umezi
jilăvi : reveni
jilăvire : umezi
jilăvire : reveni
jilăvit : umezit
jimi : forfoti
jimi : frământa
jimi : furnica
jimi : mișui
jimi : mișuna
jimire : forfoti
jimire : frământa
jimire : furnica
jimire : mișui
jimire : mișuna
jind : jinduire
jindui : râvni
jindui : tânji
jinduitor : ahtiat
jinduitor : dorit
jinduitor : dornic
jinduitor : jinduit
jinduitor : râvnitor
jinduitor : înfometat
jinduitor : însetat
jinduitor : lacom
jinduitor : setos
jintiță : bamburi
jintiță : duruiele
jintuire : jintuit
jintuit : concr
jip : murdărie
jirebie : sesie
jirebie : proprietate
jirebie : numele
jirebie : denumirea
jitie : pățanie
jitie : peripeție
jitniță : hambar
jneapăn : sosnar
joacă : zbeng
joacă : zbenguire
joacă : zbenguit
joacă : zbânțuire
joacă : zbânțuit
joacă : zburdare
joacă : zburdălnicie
joagăr : gater
joagăr : beschie
joagăr : ciochie
joardă : jordie
joardă : strămur
joardă : pentru
joardă : mânat
joben : cilindru
joben : țilindru
joc : jocuri
joc : interpretare
jochei : lacheu
jocher : balador
jocher : cărțile
jocheu : lacheu
joculeț : jocușor
jocuri : jocuri
jocuri : interpretare
joi : îndura
joi : mulțumi
joi : pătimi
joi : prididi
joi : răbda
joi : răzbi
joi : satisface
joi : suferi
joi : suporta
joia : îndura
joia : mulțumi
joia : pătimi
joia : prididi
joia : răbda
joia : răzbi
joia : satisface
joia : suferi
joia : suporta
joire : îndura
joire : mulțumi
joire : pătimi
joire : prididi
joire : răbda
joire : răzbi
joire : satisface
joire : suferi
joire : suporta
joit : îndura
joit : mulțumi
joit : pătimi
joit : prididi
joit : răbda
joit : răzbi
joit : satisface
joit : suferi
joit : suporta
joker : balador
joker : cărțile
joncțiune : împreunare
joncțiune : unire
jubilație : jubilare
juca : practica
juca : tenis
jucare : practica
jucare : tenis
jucat : practica
jucat : tenis
jucărie : fleac
jucărioară : jucărea
jucător : dansator
jucător : dănțuitor
jucător : într-un
jucător : ansamblu
jucăuș : neastâmpărat
jucăuș : privire
jude : conducător
jude : judecător
jude : primar
judec : chibzui
judec : gândi
judec : socoti
judec : sămălui
judec : cântări
judec : cumpăni
judec : drămui
judec : prici
judec : pricini
judec : prigoni
judec : pentru
judeca : chibzui
judeca : gândi
judeca : socoti
judeca : sămălui
judeca : cântări
judeca : cumpăni
judeca : drămui
judeca : prici
judeca : pricini
judeca : prigoni
judeca : pentru
judecat : chibzui
judecat : gândi
judecat : socoti
judecat : sămălui
judecat : cântări
judecat : cumpăni
judecat : drămui
judecat : prici
judecat : pricini
judecat : prigoni
judecat : pentru
judecată : minte
judecată : gândire
judecată : intelect
judecată : înțelegere
judecată : raționament
judecată : rațiune
judecată : extrem
judecată : glagore
judecată : rezon
judecată : proces
judeci : chibzui
judeci : gândi
judeci : socoti
judeci : sămălui
judeci : cântări
judeci : cumpăni
judeci : drămui
judeci : prici
judeci : pricini
judeci : prigoni
judeci : pentru
judecie : parte
judecie : unghi
judecie : unitate
judecător : arbitru
judecător : grecism
judecător : eretocrit
judecător : într-un
judecătorie : judecătoare
judecătorie : scaun
judecătorie : ajuns
județ : animozitate
județ : conflict
județ : decizie
județ : dezacord
județ : dezbinare
județ : diferend
județ : discordie
județ : discuție
județ : disensiune
județ : hotărâre
județ : învrăjbire
județ : judecător
județ : litigiu
județ : neînțelegere
județ : primar
județ : proces
județ : verdict
județean : ținutal
judiciar : judecătoresc
judiciar : dicanicesc
judicios : chibzuit
judicios : folositor
judicios : gândit
judicios : înțelept
judicios : rațional
judicios : rezonabil
judicios : socotit
judicios : sănătos
jug : jujeu
jug : gâtul
jug : porcilor
jug : război
jugula : strangula
jugulare : strangulare
jugulat : strangula
jugului : jujeu
jugului : gâtul
jugului : porcilor
jugului : război
juli : jupui
juli : zdreli
juli : zgâria
juli : rujdi
juli : mezdri
juli : pielea
julire : julit
julire : jupuire
julire : jupuit
julire : zdrelire
julire : zdrelit
julit : jupuit
julit : zdrelit
julit : degetul
jumară : scrijele
jumară : nordul
jumară : scrob
jumuleală : jumulire
jumuleală : scărmănare
jumuli : smulge
jumuli : dupurlui
jumuli : scărmăna
jumuli : cinătui
jumuli : ciupeli
jumuli : jupeli
jumulire : scărmănare
jumulit : smuls
jumătate : cantitativ
jumătate : doime
jumătate : dintr-un
jumătate : slavonism
jumătate : cârstac
jumătate : cruce
jumătate : picior
jumătate : snopi
jumătate : spațial
jumătate : mijloc
jumătate : temporal
junc : mânzat
junc : tuluc
juncan : tulucan
juncea : sălățica-zidului
juncus : mucegai
juncus : rodie
juncus : plantelor
juncus : inflexus
juncus : țipirig
juncus : iarba-mlaștinii
juncus : conglomeratus
juncus : pipirig
june : ginere
junghi : grecism
junghi : nixis
junghi : regiunea
junghi : înțepături
junghi : străbat
junghiere : spintecare
junghiere : spintecat
junghietură : junghi
junghietură : grecism
junghietură : nixis
junghietură : regiunea
juni : odagaci
junie : tineret
junior : invar
jupi : descuama
jupi : jupui
jupire : descuama
jupire : jupui
jupit : descuama
jupit : jupui
jupui : despuia
jupui : mezdreli
jupui : mezdri
jupui : descuama
jupui : scoroji
jupuire : jupuit
jupuire : belire
jupuire : belit
jupuit : belit
jur : interj
jura : făgădui
jura : jurui
jurasic : jurasic
jurat : blestemat
jurat : câinos
jurat : îndrăcit
jure : făgădui
jure : jurui
juridic : politicesc
jurist : legist
jurist : pravilist
jurnal : jurnal
jurubiță : ciulea
jurui : făgădui
jurui : îndatora
jurui : însărcina
jurui : logodi
jurui : obliga
juruință : asigurare
juruință : cuvânt
juruință : jurământ
juruință : legământ
juruință : promisiune
juruire : făgădui
juruire : îndatora
juruire : însărcina
juruire : logodi
juruire : obliga
juruit : făgădui
juruit : îndatora
juruit : însărcina
juruit : logodi
juruit : obliga
juruită : asigurare
juruită : cuvânt
juruită : legământ
juruită : promisiune
jurul : interj
jură : făgădui
jură : jurui
jurământ : legământ
jurământ : jurare
jurământ : respectat
jurământ : jurământ
just : drept
just : echitabil
just : decizie
just : întemeiat
just : temeinic
just : judecat
justețe : dreptate
justețe : echitate
justețe : restabilit
justețe : cauzei
justețe : temeinicie
justețe : rezon
justețe : argumentelor
justeță : dreptate
justeță : echitate
justeță : restabilit
justeță : cauzei
justeță : temeinicie
justeță : rezon
justeță : argumentelor
justifica : motiva
justifica : legitima
justifica : legitimiza
justifica : acestea
justifica : hotărârea
justifica : autoriza
justifica : îngădui
justifica : permite
justifica : îndritui
justifica : întemeia
justifica : împrejurare
justifica : tragem
justifica : unele
justifica : explica
justifica : cazul
justificare : îndreptățire
justificare : justificație
justificare : motivare
justificare : motivație
justificare : rațiune
justificare : temei
justificare : legitimare
justificare : legitimitate
justificare : rezon
justificare : acestei
justificare : explicare
justificare : explicație
justificare : gestului
justificat : dezvinovățit
justificat : disculpat
justificat : scuzat
justificativ : doveditor
justificativ : justificator
justificativ : probator
justificativ : mărturisitor
justificativ : descărcător
juvăț : ștreang
juxtapunere : juxtapoziție
juxtapus : paratactic
